{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Meeting Log\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 <helen> hi :)\
<vicki> hey \
<yue> Hello\
<vicki> hello dr kanye ;)\
<kanye> Hello\
<vicki> hello yue\
<yue> hmmm tts broke?\
<helen> how is everyone?\
<vicki> super\
[vicki] \{ mario\}\
<yue> hello helen, hello vicki\
<kanye> i think i picked some good ones this time haha\
<helen> hello yue, hello charlotte :)\
<helen> how were your exams?\
<vicki> i think so!\
<yue> Hmmm.\
<yue> I will get result on Friday\
<helen> fingers crossed!\
<kanye> yes!\
<vicki> i am sure will have done well!\
<helen> i think so\
<helen> i have a feeling about it\
<helen> a good one\
<yue> Thanks for the wishes :P\
<helen> i have not heard from paul\
 I just got here\
<helen> hopefully he is coming\
[vicki] \{ pat pat lol rabbit\}\
<helen> ahah!\
<helen> speak of the devil :)\
<vicki> ha ha welcome paul\
<yue> I'm doing the last bit for dependencies installation work..\
<helen> great!\
<helen> i saw the github updates\
[yue] \{)\}\
<vicki>!  THANKS :)\
<helen> when it's all ready please let the dev list know\
<helen> maybe someone else will try to install\
<yue> I remember last time, Paul deployed UpStage on 8083.\
<helen> i'll also ask the university in farnham to install\
<yue> Then I tried to upload files, I got img2swf fail\
 I did yes, but it doesn't appear to have daemonized\
[vicki] \{ heaven forbid\}\
<kanye> yes i got that same error\
<yue> ahha, I had a look for the case. We need to change config.py.\
<yue> UpStage server installation has 2 methods.\
<Gaoxin> hi\
<yue> the final step, is to choose which method as IMG2SWF_SCRIPT path can vary\
<Gaoxin> everyone here?\
<helen> hi gaoxin :)\
<helen> type /details to see the usernames of who's here :)\
[vicki] \{ hi Gaoxin\}\
[vicki] \{ also Paul is audience ;)\}\
<yue> I will make an update tonight maybe.\
<Gaoxin> i do not see other avatars\
<helen> great yue\
<vicki> oh hmmm\
<helen> gaoxin - what do you see?\
<Gaoxin> only me\
<helen> i don't see you\
<helen> i see 4 avs\
<helen> take a screengrab\
<charlotte> i see 4 avs too\
<vicki> me too i think Gaoxin maybe has the rabbit also\
<vicki> speak again?\
<helen> i am the rabbit\
<vicki> yes \
<Gaoxin> ??\
<helen> gaoxin, what av are you holding?\
<helen> argh\
<vicki> oh  i though i saw the speech\
<vicki> coming from te rabbit\
<vicki> click on the stage Gaoxin\
<Gaoxin> I upload a new avatar\
<vicki> ok\
<Gaoxin> I am using an avatart\
<helen> then there will be a reload\
<vicki> tx Yue\
<yue> once upload, we need to reload the stage\
<helen> everyone hold on tight!\
<vicki> for your expalnantion\
 I try to reload\
<helen> ok\
<vicki> perhaps wait for the upload Paul\
 Sorry, what?\
<vicki> this bit Yue\
<vicki> the final step, is to choose which method as IMG2SWF_SCRIPT path can vary\
<helen> if gaoxin adds a new av then it will reload\
<vicki> what do you mean you will update if it is variable?\
<vicki> you mean it will be updated so the path is always fixed?\
 How come 'ant run' doesn't daemonize the process?\
<yue> Hmmm, it is a bit difficult to expplain. It is the path setup\
<GAOXIN> be not still able to others\
<helen> did you take a screengrab?\
<helen> i'll make a bug report\
 I will make a reload.\
<GAOXIN> final \
<GAOXIN> finally I got someone\
<GAOXIN> only charlotte and yue here\
<helen> we're all here\
<helen> just need to rehold avs\
<vicki> no Gaoxin also helen and I and Paul in audience\
<GAOXIN> I didnot see any background \
<vicki> no background\
<helen> i don't think there is a background\
<GAOXIN> ok....\
<helen> i made an issue:\
<helen> https://github.com/AUTUpStageTeam/UpStage/issues/264\
<helen> damn\
<helen> take out that extra http://\
[helen] \{https://github.com/AUTUpStageTeam/UpStage/issues/264\}\
[helen] \{damn\}\
[helen] \{still does it\}\
<yue> github.com/AUTUpStageTeam/UpStage/issues/264 \
[helen] \{maybe we do need to rewrite this bit ...\}\
 Looks like you'll need another bug report ;)\
<helen> if you took a screengrab please upload it there\
<GAOXIN> can anyone see my Avatar now?\
<vicki> yep\
<helen> yes\
<helen> very nice!\
<helen> sorry for standing on you\
<helen> these links do not work even when right-clicked\
[vicki] \{ ok now we have the daemon path backdrop\}\
<GAOXIN> I got scrrengrab which had only 2 people before\
<yue> This one should be easy to fix\
<vicki> ponly the whisper one doesn't work\
[vicki] \{ apart from the mistake in the url\}\
<vicki> the right clink on the spoken one works for me that is\
<helen> it leaves the : out of the url\
<vicki> *click\
<helen> i'm putting that issue back up to high\
<helen> for the links\
<helen> because it's very confusing if they just don't work at all\
<helen> for the audience\
<vicki> oh huh yes\
<yue> cool. This issue resides in ChatField class\
<helen> should we have an agenda for today?\
<helen> for example, \
<helen> 1. feedback from anne on your proposal\
<helen> 2. installation / dependencies\
<helen> 3. other bugs / maintenance\
 4. How I get this thing to daemonize\
<helen> 4. daemonisation\
 Because if it can't... Then the public server is in a sad state\
<helen> hmm\
<helen> we have to force daemonisation!\
<Charlotte> 1. So anne looked over the proposal, from this we covered the essentials in what the new technologies needed to cover i.e open source etc\
[helen] \{great\}\
<helen> did she have any other feedback?\
<helen> or is it all good to go?\
<yue> Anne wants to have weekly research tasks for the remainder of this semester.\
<vicki> great\
<Charlotte> this weeks focus is on research\
<helen> ok good\
<helen> what in particular are you researching this week then?\
<yue> I found a way to make multi layer drawing on stage.\
<Charlotte> im working on the text to speech player technology-replacement for flowplayer flash\
<helen> cool\
<yue> ActionScript3's drawing feature is much richer than web technologies\
<helen> are we using actionscript3 now?\
<yue> I think drawing as a area as well\
<yue> yes,\
<helen> ok, that is an important change to note\
<helen> we need to update the manual\
 Oh okay, so ant run doesn't include a call to daemonize? Only ant start?\
 I was under the impression ant run was an all-encompassing command\
[vicki] \{ sounds great team\}\
<yue> yes, with start, ant creates a process in the background\
<yue> with Ant Target, we also need to restart the instance frmo time to time as the process consumes RAM\
<helen> does that need to be noted somewhere?\
<helen> e.g. in an UpStage Admin manual?\
<helen> or admin chapter in the installation manual?\
<helen> i don't think we have anything like that at the moment\
<yue> no, I haven't uploaded my notes yet\
<helen> ok\
<vicki> was it previously Ant target becasue we used to have toask for occasional restarts \
<vicki> thanks Yue\
<vicki> i guess i ask becasue it seems the easier (ahem) it is to install the more likley people might use oit - eg the issues with institutions etc ...\
<yue> Yes, I'm thinking if we can assign a lifespan for a stage.\
<helen> & have an auto restart?\
<yue> auto restart may delete new created stages\
[vicki] \{ deamonising the gnome\}\
<helen> ok we don't want that\
<yue> I'm thinking if it is possible to set a fixed amount of time for a stage, so RAM for the stage can be released\
<helen> but would all the media still be on the stage then?\
<helen> or would you have to remake the stage?\
<helen> & could you adjust the time, so that it didn't restart during a performance?\
[vicki] \{ a fixed time for a stage sounds good usually they have a shelf life - some are interesting to retain but others can eventually be deleted without loss of media ayway right?\}\
<yue> We can take this idea into the new design.\
<vicki> cool\
<helen> ok\
[vicki] \{ right click draw on avatar hen\}\
[helen] \{yes i did that\}\
[helen] \{it doesn't work ...\}\
<yue> We currently don't know how long it may take\
<helen> ok\
<helen> there are 2 issues then\
<helen> one is what happens with the new UpStage\
 I mean... Ideally the rebuild would be architected in such a way that it managed memory properly :/\
<helen> the other is getting v3 to work \
<helen> yes paul!\
 8083 is runing\
[vicki] \{ agree paul\}\
[helen] \{finally!\}\
<helen> oh wow!\
<yue> Yes, Paul. I think the same thing.\
<helen> that "finally" was for getting my drawing to stick to the avatar\
<helen> not about 8083\
<helen> but ...\
<helen>! YAY!\
<yue> Not sure if we can make such setting in Ant build.properties.\
<helen> perhaps for v3, rather than try to have auto restarting,\
<yue> We can have a look\
<helen> there should be instructions for maintenance\
[vicki] \{ yay for 8083 paul\}\
<vicki> yes\
<helen> that recommend restarting every so often\
<helen> rather than lose time trying to find a solution for this in v3\
 Back in a moment \
<helen> ok\
<vicki> agree\
<helen> hmm, not sure that 8083 is all working\
 dsds\
<GAOXIN> finnaly \
<GAOXIN> the internet let me down and I rejoin four times\
<helen> oh dear!\
[vicki] \{ holy moly that's no good\}\
<yue> We currently need to come up with a way for V3 instace auto restarts, and put stage lifespan configurable in the future UpStage implementation\
<helen> do you think auto restart is important?\
<helen> would it not be ok to have instructions in the manual?\
<helen> less work ...\
<helen> or is it a lot of work to do a manual restart?\
<yue> The priority depends on the RAM of Debian.\
[vicki] \{ i guess as a testing ground it might be useful but remember we hop to move away from the issues that are arising in V3 with the new and improved solution :)\}\
[helen] \{8083 isn't working properly :(\}\
[vicki] \{ oops hope - helen hops\}\
<yue> If there are 3-6Gb RAM allocated for Debian, manually restart should be okay.\
<helen> i have no idea how much ram we have on our server\
<helen> paul, are you back yet?\
<helen> do you know?\
<yue> If there are less than 2GB RAM allocated, we probably need to restart UpStage quite frequently\
<helen> we need paul to answer that\
<helen> i wonder why this has changed\
<helen> we never used to have these memory problems\
[helen] \{old age ;)\}\
[vicki] \{ age related?\}\
<vicki> lol\
<vicki> douglas did mention the need to upgrade\
<yue> I think UpStage was deployed with Python executables\
<vicki> the server\
<helen> vicki - the actual machine?\
<vicki> the stack \
<vicki> he was going to talk with paul about it \
<helen> ok\
<vicki> sorry students this is off topic for todays meeting\
<yue> python executables creates instances which consume hard disk space.\
 0 0\
<helen> it's not that long ago since we upgraded it ...\
<GAOXIN> ??\
[vicki] \{ welcome back Paul\}\
<helen> is paul back?\
<GAOXIN> sory, it is me \
<vicki> oh\
<GAOXIN> but I just reload and donot see you guys again\
<helen> so we need to find out how much RAM is allocated to debian\
<vicki> ha ha i saw the 0 0 \
<helen> gaoxin - please upload a screengrab to https://github.com/AUTUpStageTeam/UpStage/issues/264\
<vicki> ok Gaoxin can you reload page \
<GAOXIN> I got screenshot and post it to our facebook\
<helen> it would be good to put it on github as well - i'm just uploading a screenshot there as well to show the diff\
<helen> can i ask a question about actionscript?\
<yue> Yes sure\
<GAOXIN> sure\
<helen> is v3 now using actionscript 3?\
[helen] \{first part of question\}\
 So like, where does upstage log to these days?\
<helen> oh paul is back\
<yue> Yes, according to documentation\
<helen> i was just going to ask about the implications of the change to AS3\
<yue> upstage log?\
<helen> but i can ask that later\
<helen> paul - do you know how much ram is allocated to debian on our server?\
<helen> yue thinks that if there is 3-6GB then a manual restart process is ok\
 There are instances of upstage.log but none that relate to the current instance\
<helen> but if it's less than 2GB it would have to be done often\
<yue> the current instance does not record log to harddisk\
 I still don't understand why it needs that much\
 ... Okay?\
<yue> Ant target creates instances which reside on the Debian's RAM\
 So how does one read the log of a daemonized process?\
 Sure, but once the asset has done its job it should be released?\
<yue> I don't think the log is readable with Ant\
 ...\
 Ant is starting to sound like a bad idea...\
[helen] \{:(\}\
<yue> Exactly. As for Ant target, everything uses RAM\
 So then... What's the production deployment process?\
<yue> I think V3 delivery team use Python executables\
<yue> upstage-admin\
<yue> ?\
<yue> All the sources will be saved to allocated path\
 So...\
<yue> *resources sry\
 If I use ant to build and then use the script to run?\
<yue> now I can use yue's avatar? I am Gaoxin \
<yue> ant and python scripts are totally different\
<yue> anyone can hear me?\
<yue> they cannot be used at the same time\
[helen] \{yue you have no voice\}\
<yue> I didn't set voice :p\
[helen] \{ah ok\}\
 Alright so\
<yue> \{i am Gaoxin \}\
 What must I do, to have a production-ready, public service running?\
 We can put python scripts part into next week' work\
<yue> We can put python scripts part into next week' work\
[helen] \{gaoxin: i think you have the "holding the same avatar" bug, #230\}\
<vicki> sorry i glitched\
<yue> We will try to find a production ready solution maybe next week\
 Okay\
<yue> I will keep you updated. Once I find the way, I will update UpStage wiki\
 So for the time being, I'm going to keep 8083 running on the understanding that if/when it doesn't behave as expected, we'll have no visibility \
<helen> 8083 is not running properly now\
<helen> the stage isn't working \
 All other instances will remain down\
<helen> you can load a stage & i put an av on it,\
<helen> but can't type in chat\
<helen> & no buttons working\
 That's what I mean, it doesn't work - But I don't have any information as to why\
<helen> http://upstage.org.nz:8083/stages/hentest\
<vicki> because no log is gnerated right?\
<helen> ok\
 Exactly\
<helen> so can someone summarise this so i can write notes\
<yue> Hmmm. This seems a higher priority issue for us\
[vicki] \{ o k that is a major hurdle\}\
<helen> yes it is highest priority ...\
<helen> we really need to get 8083 working\
 The Ant process seems ideal for development and internal testing environments\
 But it's just not gonna cut it in production\
<helen> what are the alternatives?\
<helen> & what worked before?\
<yue> We will look into how to set UpStage instance with python executables\
 What used to be... Is that we would daemonize within the Python code and then redirect the output. This was handled by an init script (bash)\
<yue> Will make it working, and update the wiki correspondingly.\
<helen> great\
<GAOXIN> I think the reason that I can use the same avastar, I didnot see any other avastars, so I try to use yue's one. it worked and I can move and TXT the same avastar\
<helen> ok, that should not be possible ...\
<vicki> the issue must be on enetering the stage after others - the avatars *should* be greyed out but are obviously not if they can be helkd by others\
<helen> i can't hold any of the greyed out avs\
<helen> & the rest of us did not all enter at the same moment\
<helen> so everyone except the first person entered the stage after others ...\
<helen> can anyone else hold an av that is greyed out?\
<yue> This issue is an from architecture.\
<kanye> i got ya kanye\
<bunny> i got you bunny\
<bunny> it is i\
<helen> wierd\
<Charlotte> hmm im also kanye..\
<yue> stage does not synchornize the clients' display\
<bunny> yep\
<helen> i have changed bunny's name to helen\
<helen> but charlotte's text is appearing with bunny in chat\
<vicki> i just went off stage and came back\
<helen> & not above me / bunny\
<vicki> kanye /chalotte and bunny helen are availanble\
<yue> We can push this architecture issue into our research tasks as well\
<vicki> that was what was happening for gaoxin\
<helen> so, this is a pretty high priority bug ...\
<vicki> EXCEPT\
<vicki> the other avatars were still on stage\
<helen> vicki in text chat, speech bubble by yue\
<yue> ??\
<vicki> no\
<helen> no?\
<vicki> speech by me\
<helen> ok\
<helen> sorry, before i saw it by yue\
<helen> or thought i did\
[vicki] \{ don't worry yue \}\
<helen> ok so this is something for the students to explore ;)\
<yue> i might talk in the same time \
<helen> on github it says that this bug is waiting to be tested ...\
<helen> i guess we are testing it now!\
<vicki> it was gaoxin who could hold and speeak as Yue\
<vicki> i jut went off and tested with Dr Kanye and your bunny ;)\
<helen> please add all your experiences to https://github.com/AUTUpStageTeam/UpStage/issues/230\
<helen> so back to the installation & log issues\
<helen> this is something to be looked at this week?\
<yue> This problem and different update for different users actually have the same cause\
<helen> ok\
<helen> that's good maybe?\
<yue> As I mentioned before, this stage is not responsible for synchronizing information.\
[vicki] \{ so you ca isolate the issue - and fix it too? perhaps :)\}\
<yue> I think we can produce an analysis report\
[vicki] \{ great\}\
<Charlotte> Oh before i forget! in terms of bug fixing- Anne wanted us to create a document that had steps for making changes to UpStage code, something we can follow when we commit to a github branch.\
<Charlotte> is there any advice or steps you would say are essential when making these changes?\
<helen> hmm - paul, can you answer that?\
[vicki] \{ clearly saying what the changes are and why you consider them necessary \}\
<helen> one thing would be to document clearly in github what you've done to resolve a bug\
 Hm...\
 Documenting Rationale is important\
<helen> in the past sometimes students just wrote "fixed" & closed the bug\
<helen> or even just closed the bug without saying whether or not it's fixed\
 "Fixed" is not a great commit message\
<helen> no ...\
<Charlotte> okay sure! thats a good one\
<helen> HOW fixed\
<yue> a protocol?? like the state before the change, the analysis of the cause, post state of the work\
<helen> sounds good\
 Well the diff of the commit explains "What" the commit message should explain "Why"\
[vicki] \{ yes great\}\
<yue> brb\
 Your bug log should explain those things Yue\
 So if you're making a commit that fixes a bug - Quote the bug reference number \
 So for example:\
 Bug Log says:\
 Issue: Avatar doesn't move\
 Expected behaviour:\
 When a player is holding an avatar, clicking on the stage will cause the avatar to move to that location\
 Actual behaviour:\
 Avatar does not move at all\
 Context:\
 Player logged in and holding avatar\
 So then\
 The dev goes about fixing this\
 And the commit might show an added line like:\
 + loc_x = loc_x + 1\
 And the commit might say\
 Fixes issue #20 'X' coordinate of avatar not incremented inside loop \
<Charlotte> ah yes the more detailed the better!\
<helen> yes\
<vicki> aboslutely\
 The diff will show what you changed\
 Your message should explain what it fixes and WHY it fixes it\
<Charlotte> okay sure, thanks for your help on that one\
 No worries :)\
<helen> great\
<helen> so just going back to the installation & dependencies & daemonisation\
<helen> paul do you have time to work on that this week?\
 In terms of knowledge base and rationale that's a different story\
<helen> it seems like the students & paul need to discuss it together\
<helen> to see what works on our server\
<helen> yes?\
<Charlotte> yes we will need to organize some time to work on this\
 Ideally you will put together a proposal (Think of it as a sub-project of sorts) \
<helen> paul - what do mean that for?\
[helen] \{what do you mean that for\}\
 Outlining the options you've looked at, what you recommend and why you recommend it\
 Oh WE don't really need it Helen, it's more so that these decisions are documented for future members\
<helen> yes - i meant were you still talking about the bug process, or about the installation issue\
<Charlotte> well that its pretty much what we are doing for the new technologies so we can add it to our research\
 So that if someone asks "Why'd you do it that way" you can say "Read this"\
[vicki] \{ the cleaer the students make the process the better for us all in the end\}\
<yue> The logs are for future development teams.\
<helen> ok yes\
<helen> they are also good for us\
<helen> just to know\
 Yes\
<helen> sorry i was moving on to try & tidy up the notes i'm writing\
 Oh and as a side note\
<helen> & thinking about whether it's helpful for the students to be able to work with you on the installation issues\
[helen] \{you = paul\}\
<helen> since it's on our server that it's not working\
 Things like that earn you a LOT of extra credit when you're doing your reflection\
 Certainly\
<Charlotte> haha excellent!\
[helen] \{:)\}\
<helen> good tip paul\
 But it's their project/software\
<helen> right\
 They're the main devs\
<helen> yes indeed\
<helen> but i mean for you to be testing things on 8083\
<helen> as soon as possible\
<helen> so that we don't have too much delay\
<yue> I think I've properly commented all my V3 related work on Github..\
 I'll answer any questions about their target environment\
<yue> it's good to know a standard\
[vicki] \{ great \}\
<helen> is it helpful to have another meeting soon to troubleshoot the 8083 installation?\
 So essentially\
<helen> maybe using jitsi so it's a bit more direct?\
 We have a standard Debian Wheezy OS\
<yue> okay\
<helen> how much ram allocated to debian?\
 I need to have a clear idea of how to get code from GitHub onto the server daemonize it and know how to monitor it\
<yue> I currently use htop just for tracking Debian resources\
<yue> not a direct solution tho\
 Oh\
 just use 'free' to grab RAM and SWAP info\
 We have 2400m \
<helen> 2400 MB?\
 yup\
<helen> so that's about 2GB\
 2.4g\
<helen> which yue said is not really enough ... ?\
<helen> he said if there's 3-6GB then a manual restart should be ok\
<yue> I didn't know servers use more disk space than RAM\
<helen> but if it's less then it will need to be restarted often\
<yue> maybe RAM is more expensive, right Paul?\
<helen> yue, how often do you think the server should be restarted?\
 Considering what UpStage is\
 It SHOULD be able to run on 512m\
<yue> Helen, I think we need to work on this next week.\
<helen> ok\
[vicki] \{ it sounds like a pretty high priority to sort this out :)\}\
[helen] \{yes\}\
<yue> currently, server RAM usage is at 453MB,\
<helen> wow\
 How much is being used by Python?\
 Essentially, it's ridiculous to load things into RAM, serve them and then keep them there\
<yue> around 230\
 We're not exactly running a CoD server...\
 What I suggest\
 Is that you go back to the core Python code\
<yue> sorry made a mistake\
 Look at how its threading and whether it needs to be explicitly told to release assets (images, audio etc)\
 The solution may be that we re-engineer so that media assets are served through apache\
 leaving python to handle only the protocol\
<yue> I have no experience on this. How long do you think it may take?\
 That'll depend on your implementation\
 But what i mean is:\
 Rather than the upstage server (twisted) loading an image or audio file into RAM and then sending it to the browser \
 It sends the client a URL\
 Which the client then asks apache for\
 So you're sending a string rather than binary\
 Does that make sense?\
<yue> I get it\
 Because then we could use nginx in place of apache for that job and it'd be LOTS faster :)\
[vicki] \{ sounds great - ... i even flet like i got it!\}\
<yue> This was not covered in our project scope though. I think Anne should also know about it for future UpStage teams.\
[helen] \{i'm not sure i got it, but it does sound good!\}\
<helen> document, document!\
<helen> can you do a supplement to the proposal?\
 It may not be viable for the scope of your project, but it's an idea\
<yue> yes, exactly. It will also help the future design too\
<yue> This is nearly the end of term for Charlotte, Gaoxin and Yue.\
<helen> so you will discuss it with anne?\
<helen> yes, we will be sad when you all leave! :(\
<helen> argh\
<Charlotte> yes we can include it in our next supervisor meeting\
<vicki> we will be sad\
<yue> I will make sure this issue passed to Anne.\
[helen] \{we hope you won't all leave ...\}\
<helen> you are welcome to stay involved in the project\
<helen> join the dev list & get to spend more fun time with us!\
<GAOXIN> I hope I can always be 18 \
<Charlotte> haha awesome\
<vicki> ha ha \
<helen> you can, in UpStage :)\
<yue> forever young\
<helen> yes\
<helen> forever a bunny or a gnome\
[vicki] \{ no memory loss or hair loss ;)\}\
<GAOXIN> 0 0\
<GAOXIN> 0 0.\
<helen> it's true\
<helen> we have discovered the secret of immortality\
<helen> it's called UpStage!\
<yue> xix\
<vicki> yu can wear the same shirt everyday \
<helen> & it never gets smelly\
<vicki> exactly\
<Charlotte> and be as fabulous as kanye\
<helen> absolutely\
<yue> ahha\
 And many other loose uses of the word "fabulous"\
<helen> so, shall we make a time for the next meeting?\
<vicki> ha ha right ;)\
<helen> can we have another before yue, charlotte & gaoxin finish?\
<Charlotte> yeah we still have afew more weeks left\
<yue> I think this is week 8 right??\
<Charlotte> 9 actually\
<vicki> we have to at least have an end of terms party\
<helen> should we do same time next week?\
<GAOXIN> u can still be in upstages with other three members\
<GAOXIN> we can \
<helen> paul & vi, can you do next wed?\
<yue> we can meet up next week. btw, we need to send our client feedback form soon.\
<vicki> sure on the form and think so on the meet\
<helen> yes, send us the forms\
 Yeah, should be fine\
<helen> ok, let's do same time on wed 20th then\
<GAOXIN> see u \
<vicki> thanks team\
<helen> i will send log & notes\
<vicki> thanks paul\
 See ya everyone!\
<helen> thanks a lot everyone\
<Charlotte> sounds good! talk to you all then :) \
<helen> good work!\
<vicki> remember documenting your process gets you good marks!!\
<vicki> you heard it here :)\
<GAOXIN> also, meet 20/5/2016\
<helen> yes\
<vicki> yes\
<helen> see you then\
<helen> sleep well! :)\
<helen>! BYE!\
<GAOXIN> bye\
<vicki> next week and a year and a week \
<yue> Thanks see you\
<vicki> cous cous\
<vicki> oh ha ha \
<vicki> bye\
<GAOXIN> bye\
<yue> see you vicki\
}