{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Introduction 2015 Log\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 <y> hi\
<y> Hi Charlotte\
<watermelon> hello\
<y> hello\
<y> I speak naturally???\
<y> I speak naturally\
<y> nature\
<yoshi9> yes\
<pacman> hello\
<pacman> ayo\
 ayo to you too\
 Nobody\
<yoshi9> booobba\
<female> herler\
 frog\
<aang> wooohs\
<aang> wooosheee\
<aang> woosheee\
<aang> wooo\
<y> hahahahahaha\
<y> hahahahahaha\
 hello! this is helen :)\
 great that you got it working!\
 looks good!\
 are the voices working?\
 i will log in as admin ... brb\
 i'm just going to save the stage so that i can come in as a player\
 it will probably reload for you all - sorry :)\
<female> hi\
 hmm\
<pucca> hulloooo\
 i'm still not a player ...\
<female> Hi Helen\
<pucca> stop stabbing me\
<little yoshi> sorry\
 ah - now i'm in :)\
<helen> hi!\
<helen> some voices working & some not?\
 Hello\
<mario> hello\
 hi mario\
 you're so small!\
<Charlotte> Hello!\
<sia> hullo \
<helen> hi charlotte :)\
[helen] \{i have no voice ...\}\
<helen> hi everyone!\
<helen> paul may join us a bit later\
<Gaoxin> Hi Helen\
<helen> he's the ex-AUT student who looks after our server for us\
<William> hello\
<helen> hi gaoxin, william :)\
<helen> great that you could all make it today\
<helen> is it the whole team?\
<Charlotte> yep that all of us\
<helen> wow grea\
<helen> great\
<Gaoxin> Yes, we are\
<mario> I think I find the blocking problem\
<helen> great\
<helen> the firewall?\
<mario> our server needs to refresh the AUT account detail every few hours.\
<helen> wow\
<helen> can i get myself a voice?\
<helen> it will force a reload\
<mario> sure :)\
<helen> ok\
<female> did that work?\
<female> good\
 yaya\
<female> we lost someone ...\
<female> only 5 here now\
<female> charlotte???\
<mario> Yue the Mario :)\
<Charlotte> im back\
<female> great\
<female> ok, so as i said before, paul may join us later\
<female> vicki also, altho i didn't hear from her again\
<female> & she has a dinner engagement this evening\
<female> so i don't know if she'll make it\
<female> we won't wait for them\
<female> they can join in if/when they arrive\
<female> so obviously you have all got a bit of a taste of UpStage now :)\
<Charlotte> No problem we just have a few questions for the new plan.\
<female> it looks like you've been having fun\
<William> yep\
 yes its been fun :D\
<female> ok, do you want to ask the questions then?\
<Charlotte> We seem to have a prop war for the sword\
<female> & i will do my best to answer ...\
<Charlotte> fantastic!\
<mario> Hi Helen, we will still work on fixing bugs for V3 this semester.\
<female> fire away when you're ready\
<female> that's good to hear :)\
<female> as you know there are still quite a few ...\
<Charlotte> are there any that you have noticed recently, maybe a frequent occurance that is a big issue?\
<female> well, one that would be really nice to have fixed\
<female> is that the chat should show up when you enter a stage\
<female> or when it reloads\
<female> it should only disappear when you have cleared it from the stage edit screen\
<female> this means that when people enter after something has started\
<female> they can see the chat, see that people are there & talking\
<female> otherwise it feels like you enter into an empty room\
<female> this shouldn't be difficult to fix\
<female> it's how it always used to work\
<mario> Yes, I've seen the feature on our public server before\
<female> i will try to find this on github\
<Charlotte> true, yes we will add that to the list\
<female> https://github.com/AUTUpStageTeam/UpStage2013/issues/254\
<female> this issue is also saying that the backdrop & some of the media would also not be there\
<female> i'm not sure if that is still happening\
<female> it wasn't a consistent bug\
<female> but it would be good to check\
<female> if a backdrop is put on a stage\
<female> then anyone entering should see it, until it's taken off\
<female> we often put up a pre-show image\
<female> or an announcement\
<female> & if people enter a stage when there's no performance\
<female> it's nice if there is something\
<female> to see\
<female> all of the bugs in the issue list need to be checked\
<female> unfortunately we had a problem recently\
<female> with our server \
<female> & currently don't have our own UpStage instances up & running\
<female> we also are a bit confused about the versions\
<female> as we had 2 different versions,\
<female> but they had the same info in the footer\
<female> it's very important that that is fixed\
<female> the version number & date in the footer\
<female> there should never be 2 versions that have the same number & date\
<female> otherwise it gets very confusing when we are trying to work out if bugs are fixed or not\
<female> quite a lot of the current bugs are also not consistent\
<female> & very difficult to replicate\
<female> which makes it difficult to solve\
[female] \{sorry ...\}\
<female> have you had a look at all the bugs on guthub?\
<mario> yes\
<female> do you have any more questions about the bugs?\
<Charlotte> looks like we will need to thororoughly look through the bugs to be assured they are still active\
<female> charlotte, yes\
<female> i will also try to prioritise further\
<female> but it's important to be clear which version the bug might still exist in\
<female> what would be good is if we could get the absolute latest version onto our server\
<female> so if you could let paul know what that is\
<female> hopefully he could do it soon\
<female> then vicki & i can also be going through & checking the bugs\
<female> we have had situations in the past where the AUT team has fixed a bug\
<female> it's fixed on your server\
<female> but when we put the fixed version on our server\
<female> the bug is still there\
[female] \{or new bugs ...\}\
<female> we realise that bug fixing is not the most fun work,\
<female> so we really appreciate you doing it!!!\
<sia> we enjoy learning out of it\
<female> great :)\
<female> some of the things that are not bugs,\
<female> & would be great to get done\
<female> & are maybe not too hard\
<female> are things like alphabeticising lists\
<female> e.g. in the audio palette, files aren't alphabeticised\
<female> so if you have quite a few audio files on a stage\
<female> it can be hard to find them\
<female> in some other places, things are not alphabeticised\
<female> i forget exactly where\
<female> but it makes sense to have lists of things alphabeticised so it's easier to find things\
[female] \{https://github.com/AUTUpStageTeam/UpStage2013/issues/231\}\
[female] \{https://github.com/AUTUpStageTeam/UpStage2013/issues/219\}\
<mario> the user list seems not in alphabetical order\
<female> yes, quite a few lists are not\
<female> it's a bit random\
<female> another thing that might be a nice break from bugs is this one:\
<female> https://github.com/AUTUpStageTeam/UpStage2013/issues/210\
<female> oh and there's another bug - why is the link coming in with the http twice?\
<female> & we have always wanted to be able to open links more easily from the chat\
<female> at the moment you have to right click & select "open in new tab"\
<female> but it would be more intuitive to simply click\
<female> & have the link open in a new tab automatically\
<Charlotte> hmm yes that would make it easier\
<female> there doesn't seem to be an issue for that\
<female> i'll make one\
[female] \{https://github.com/AUTUpStageTeam/UpStage2013/issues/258\}\
<Charlotte> how are you feeling about the developer blogs?\
<helen> good! :)\
<helen> i haven't read your march one yet\
<helen> but it is great that you are continuing to do it :)\
<Charlotte> we find it helpfull to summarize what we have been doing\
<Charlotte> to keep track\
<helen> good\
<helen> you know, if you add the category "news" to the post,\
<helen> it will appear on the home page as well\
<helen> by the way we will be going live with the new web site some time ... this year\
<helen> we had hoped to be doing it now,\
<helen> but then had the problem with the server\
<helen> & paul has been busy fixing that\
<helen> would you like another non-bug priority that could be a nice easy job?\
<Charlotte> sure!\
<helen> https://github.com/AUTUpStageTeam/UpStage2013/issues/210\
<helen> when you have human or animal avatars, doing this is not so useful\
<helen> as if we could flip left to right\
<helen> so adding the flip would be cool\
<helen> ahah\
<helen> did you hear that?\
<mario> yes\
<helen> that's the elusive voice loop bug\
<helen> so adding the flip would be cool\
<mario> repeating text voice, happened again\
<William> cool\
<helen> it seems to be particular phrases that do it\
<helen> but that time it stopped by itself\
<helen> sometimes it goes on & on & on \
<helen> & only refreshing the stage stops it\
<helen> it's actually something that's been in UpStage since nearly the beginning\
<helen> but only occasionally happens\
<helen> so it's nearly impossible to find the cause\
<helen> the student who solves it will get promoted to prime minister of new zealand\
<sia> yay for us haha\
<Charlotte> let the battle begin\
[helen] \{:)\}\
<helen> what other questions do you have?\
<mario> any comments on our new members project proposal next week?\
<helen> *blush*\
<Charlotte> they will be adding a plan for this semester\
<helen> i'm sorry but i have not read it\
<helen> i have been a bit overloaded & also a bit sick in the last few weeks & am not on top of things\
<Charlotte> its okay it has not been sent over yet. just hoping you could comment on what you would like the focus to be around\
<helen> oh phew\
<sia> haha yeah \
<Charlotte> hope ou are feeling better\
[helen] \{i was just thinking, where is it ...\}\
<sia> hope you feeling better\
<helen> yes thanks i am on the mend\
[helen] \{i get anemic, had to have an iron infusion yesterday\}\
<helen> so for the focus\
<helen> as you know we are in this tricky place\
<helen> we want to develop the New UpStage\
<helen> which is going to take time\
<helen> so in the meantime,\
<helen> we still need to use the existing UpStage\
<helen> which still has some bugs\
<helen> so we have to find a workable balance\
<helen> between bug-fixing & working on the new UpStage\
<helen> we have to be realistic about not doing too much more work on the existing code\
<helen> just fixing the essentials\
<helen> so i am a bit naughty asking you to look at some things which aren't bugs ...\
<Charlotte> so we are thinking at the moment a priority list for the bugs to work on. Then also break down the technologies needed for the new UpStage\
[helen] \{& i just thought of one other that would be cool to do ...\}\
<helen> yes\
<helen> do you have goals for what to achieve before the end of this semester?\
<helen> when some of you finish?\
[helen] \{was that question too hard?\}\
<William> no just workingout all thedetails\
<helen> ok :)\
<helen> are you all together?\
<Charlotte> to make sure sia and william know the essentials for continuing. Also to deliver at least three front end technologies to replace flash\
<William> yes\
<helen> ok\
<helen> could another goal be to have another version of UpStage v3, with latest bugs fixed?\
<mario> We can work on it. However, we also need to balance the workload between bug fixing and the redesign work\
<helen> yes\
<mario> Thinking we can come up with a list of urgent bugs, and try to fix them throughout this semester\
<helen> that would be great\
<Charlotte> we are also providing prototypes for the new technologies too\
<helen> great :)\
<Charlotte> we are just discussing plan that could continue on to next semester for sia and william\
<helen> ok good\
 Hello?\
<helen> hello\
<helen> is that paul?\
 Yes, it is :)\
<helen> or vicki?\
<helen> ah, hi paul! :)\
<sia> hi paul\
<Charlotte> hello paul\
<helen> the students are discussing their plans\
 Sorry for being horrendously late\
<William> hi paul\
<Gaoxin_I need night snack> hi, food\
[helen] \{oh voice loop bug again!\}\
<helen> that's ok paul\
<mario> xD\
<helen> we've been talking about the balance between fixing bugs in the existing UpStage,\
<helen> & making plans for the new one\
 Ouch\
 That's a tough one to balance\
<helen> yes it's tricky\
<helen> but the students are smart\
<helen> they have a new team structure\
[helen] \{http://upstage.org.nz/blog/?p=6415\}\
<helen> one of the bugs i said is important to fix is the footer date & version number\
<helen> so that we can be clear about what version has what bugs\
<mario> We also have a question about UpStage server dependencies??? When I built the server, I found certain libraries only work on x86 architecture.\
<helen> that sounds like a question for paul ...\
 That doesn't suprise me\
<mario> For future UpStage design, should it stick with x86, or we can try to make it compatable for all architectures?\
 32bit is on its way out\
<mario> Thx :)\
<mario> Do you have any question or advice for us, Paul???\
 It's best to stay arch neutral\
<helen> in general i think we want to be as compatible as possible\
 No questions from me\
 Advice? Hm...\
 What's your methodology?>\
 Still Agile?\
<mario> It is Design Science & practice from Scrum..\
 Righto\
 Best advice I have is:\
 Commit often\
 Commit early \
 Use branching, but merge back into your master branch ASAP\
<sia> good advice\
 Release into production ASAP\
 Testing is great, but nothing works better than production (It's also why we have 8083)\
<helen> yes\
<helen> we should get 8083 updated as soon as possible ...\
<helen> is there even a way to make it somehow pull the latest code automatically?\
 Structure your sprints such that it's entirely reasonable to make a push to 8083 at the end of them\
 There was a while ago.. But things have changed\
 And here's the big one:\
 DON'T BE SCARED OF BREAKING IT\
<sia> ok we have your permision\
<William> fun times ahead then\
 It's software development... You WILL break it, we expect that\
 Which is why we control 8084\
<helen> 8081\
<helen> 8084 is still the old v2\
 Once we're sure 8083 is stable, we'll update 8081\
 Don't be scared of breaking 8083\
<helen> & we have been using 8083 for performances because 8081 was problematic ...\
<helen> but yes we want to get back to 8083 being the development server, so breakable :)\
<helen> & 8081 being the public one\
 That's your QA environment for Helen and Vicki... It's MEANT to be for testing :)\
<helen> yes :)\
<helen> is there a way to have 8083 update automatically from github?\
 Should be\
 I'll look into it\
<helen> cool :)\
<Charlotte> yes we will focus on these urgent issue first and prioritize the rest. We think the plan will need further study to make an even balance. We will email any issues to you. Is there any thought before we go?\
<helen> will you send us your project proposal?\
<sia> sure\
<helen> oh my\
<William> yes\
<helen> great - i promise to read it & give feedback :)\
<helen> & keep up the blog updates! :)\
<Charlotte> much appreciated! will do\
<helen> should we make a time for another meeting?\
<helen> would it be good to have one in april?\
<sia> thanks will look forward to that\
<helen> a tentative time - since we don't know when vicki will be available\
 Fine by me as of now :)\
<helen> something around 21 april perhaps?\
<helen> 4-5 weeks from now?\
<Charlotte> yes first week back from break sounds good\
<helen> ok - is that the week of 20th april?\
<Charlotte> yes\
<helen> cool\
 Sweet\
<sia> awesome\
<helen> i'll make a doodle for it\
<sia> thanks for the talk guys\
<helen> thanks a lot team\
<helen> & great to meet you all :)\
<Charlotte> excellent! thanks for your input :\
 Happy hacking :)\
<helen> do you have any last questions for paul?\
<helen> or me?\
<William> nice tomeet both ofyou too\
<helen> you can always email us\
 Y'all too\
<sia> yes we will\
<Charlotte> not at the moment. we will keep in contact\
<helen> great\
<helen> ok, have fun!\
<helen> & paul, thanks for coming :)\
<helen> i'll save the log & send it to everyone\
<helen> bye for now! :)\
<sia> thank you both for making it\
 See ya\
<mario> Bye\
<William> bye\
}