{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Test Stage Log\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0  112\
 111\
<mario> 111\
<mario> 111\
 111\
 111\
 111\
 111\
 111\
 111\
<mariowalkswf> 111\
<mariowalkswf> 111\
 is anyone here\
<marioswf> popp\
<marioswf> hello\
<mariowalkswf> wahoooo animation working!!\
<vicki> yay yue = awesome\
<marioswf> oh joy and pogo sticks!\
<vicki> oop brb \
<vicki> sorry Yue - i have a call will be back for 7.30\
<vicki> exciting tho\
<vicki> and will open jitsi then too - it is data ungry so just for meeting ok? ;)\
 hi it's helen :)\
 some animation working!\
<vicki> hello yes i wonder if it was just not using the animation codes? eg /a 0 /a 1 etc?\
<vicki> oh sound went weird then jit.si just froze for me\
<vicki> great welcome\
<vicki> now we have the upstage and a steady percussion of keystrokes :D\
<helen> do we have voices\
 im back\
 hello\
<vicki> cool\
<vicki> hello Yue\
<vicki> hello william\
 yes\
<vicki> cool\
<mario> The one im hold is gif\
<vicki> so you know the code for changing them?\
<vicki> this one /a 0 to animate continually\
<vicki> or change the frame with\
<vicki> .. /a 3\
<mario> from my site vicki's avatar is not working.\
<mariowalkswf> type /a 0 to make it animate all the time\
<mario> ahhhh\
<mario> so gif works too\
<mario> i'm holding gif\
<vicki> yay!!!!\
<vicki>!  YAY\
<mario> yes, as a single gif file\
<mario> as I checked UpStage dependencies, there is a package called gif2swf\
<mario> I thought, all the media should be converted to swf form\
 The sound is broken.\
<mario> the sound on our side is broken.\
<fdfd12> 111\
 sorry i just got a message from vodafone about how quickly my data ws being used up\
<fdfd12> 111\
<fdfd12> 111\
 ok\
 should we be hearing voices?\
<mario> no\
 ha ha love death note apple\
<mario> there is no voice on avatars\
 ok\
<mario> avatars :)\
<mario> We found the most high priority bugs related to each other..\
 helen is trying to open stage in both safari & firefox\
 it isn't loading in either one\
 oh now it is lonely and very quiet hang on i will try and get on the internet here \
<fdfd12> Hello\
<fdfd12> 111\
<marioswf> oh cool i have voice now\
 i hear the voice too\
<fdfd12> 111\
 hearing it (helen)\
<marioswf> i hear a voice i mean\
<marioswf> vicki\
<vicki> so sound is working on this stage\
 helen as audience in firefox - seeing everything, chat & graphics :)\
<vicki> i am on firefox here\
<mariowalkswf> For Firefox, it is because of the browser issue\
 helen hearing everything :)\
<fdfd12> the day is over\
<fdfd12> 111\
 looking good across multiple browsers\
 hello vicki as audience in chrome - please say something else death note apple ;)\
<mariowalkswf> paul??\
 nope vicki as audience in chrome\
 helen closed firefox\
<fdfd12> hi there \
<fdfd12> 111\
 see everything ok\
<fdfd12> 111 his name is bob\
<fdfd12> 111\
 and hear\
 here\
 great! :)\
 chrome wants to update flash as well\
 i'll do that later, since it's working now\
<mariowalkswf> The high prior issues: 203, 228, 230, 253, 254 seem related...\
<vicki> Chrome didn't for me\
 h: yes\
<vicki> worked fine\
<mariowalkswf> If we have users upload new media and not load the page, the existing users will not see the new media\
<mariowalkswf> and now, I will present the different display issue.\
 this is not a bug\
 it has always been that you can't add media during a show\
 we don't need to change that\
<mariowalkswf> yes, the stage we are on is based on a session\
 yes\
<mariowalkswf> give me a minute, i will show the bug\
 ok\
<vicki> agree not changes to adding media being displayed if not save & reload\
<mariowalkswf> can we have new users entering the stage please?\
 shall i reload?\
<vicki> reloading\
 i'll go out & come back\
 vicki i am back \
 helen back\
 ha ha ha \
 helen seeing chat, seeing one maria\
 mario\
 hehe\
<mario> on stage edit page, if user click save page.\
 seeing chat mario and spiral\
 yes helen seeing spiral too :)\
<mario> all the avatars will be removed from the stage.\
<mario> so, when people enter the stage shall see different things\
 even if they click save only, not save & reload?\
<mario> yes\
 ok\
 aha\
 so a solution could be\
 that if you are about to save a stage that is currently with people on it\
 a warning box comes up\
 (i think we had this at some point)\
 that says wait\
 do you really want to do this\
 as it will make the stage different for some users\
<mario> like a warning message of the cause??\
 then, if you are in a rehearsal or workshop situation\
 where it can be explained \
 vicki - imho we should perhaps revert to reload on saving things to the stage - this will solve a number of issues i think\
 you might want to go ahead & do it\
 helen: the reason for not reloading the stage every time is that during rehearsals & workshops this can happen repeatedly\
 & it wastes a lot of time\
 whereas if you can save save save & then reload for everyone, it's smoother\
 BUT if it's going to be easier to implement a fix the other way, then ok let's do that\
<vicki> yes understood that it happens to take a little longer for uploading etc but it also seems the root of several issues\
 helen agrees\
 if it's causing too many other problems then we go back to how it was\
[vicki] \{ jumping for joy :)\}\
<mario> lol\
<mario> yes\
 there has to be a warning pop-up\
<mario>  I think it is a good idea\
 so that people know\
 & can decide whether to save or not\
<mario> when people only click on "save", pop up a warning message\
 yes\
 the warning message needs to be clearly written\
 saying something like:\
<mario> saying "Save button is used for rehearsal"\
 "If you save the stage without forcing a reload, there may be differences in what people are seeing. You should only use this in rehearsal situations."\
 or even "there WILL be differences in what people see"\
<mario> my laptop battery is dying. forgot to bring my charger along.\
 oops\
 have you only one laptop there?\
<mario> currently there are only Yue and William\
<mario> someone clicked "Save" button?\
 hot helen\
<mario> For video streaming technology. I think it is important to understand Martin's work\
 oops hahah\
 NOT helen\
<mario> i'm lost.\
 yes - re understanding martins work\
 lost in martin's work?\
<GAOXIN>  hi\
 hi :)\
<mario> no no no. I'm lost of people talking. they all seem audience to me\
 helen: ok i will hold an avatar\
<GAOXIN> sorry, I am late because I was wait in Jitsi\
<mariowalkswf> hello gaoxin\
<helen> gaoxin, we have just talked about the stage reload issue\
<helen> that it is useful for rehearsal and workshop situations, to be able to save the stage without forcing a reload\
<mariowalkswf> we have resolved the save/reload situation ... somewhat\
<helen> but that it's important that this feature doesn't lead to other problems\
<helen> so we decided that this button needs to have a warning po-up\
<helen> pop-up\
<GAOXIN> yes, I just try to reload, which enables everyone can see me\
<mario> sure, \
<vicki> aha\
<helen> ok, i don't see you ...\
<helen> the warning would say someting like "If you save the stage without forcing a reload, there will be differences in what people see. This should only be used in rehearsal or workshop situations, or when no-one else is on the stage."\
<helen> gaoxin, did you save with or without reload?\
<helen> the stage didn't relaod for me\
<GAOXIN> I have click save and reload button\
<vicki> the warning is good ... however what if all the issues are related to not having a reload when things are saved\
<helen> it didn't reload for me ...\
<vicki> oh did not reload for me either\
<helen> vicki - paul is here now in jitsi\
<helen> paul is loading the stage\
<vicki> ok i will go and try and get on ethernet here (my laptop has eaten its own wifi card - can currently only use mobile data ... hence the jitsi reluctance\
<helen> yue's battery is running out\
 There\
<helen> so he can't stay in jitsi either\
<vicki> ah ok\
 s this cool technology called a charger\
<vicki> lol\
<GAOXIN> HI paul\
<helen> ok we closed jit.si\
 Hey hey\
<helen> should we all reload, to see gaoxin?\
<vicki> unfortunately they are not universal yet\
<mario> we should\
 I can see him\
<helen> ok, everybody reload - except maybe paul :)\
<GAOXIN> yes, plz \
<helen> back\
<helen> i see gaoxin :)\
<vicki> gaoxin... i see you\
<William> Hey there\
<GAOXIN> cuz I am later user, and you guys r in the old \
<helen> yes\
<GAOXIN> list\
<helen> we were just discussing all of this\
<yue> okay I will reload the page\
[vicki] \{ yes we are the old for sure\}\
<helen> interesing - when i reloaded the stage myself before, the avatars kept the changed names\
<helen> but when yue forced a reload, the names went back to original names\
<helen> this is not a bug, i'm just noting it\
<helen> look paul look!\
<helen>! ANIMATIONS WORK!\
 Good stuff\
<helen> both .swf & .gif\
<mario> yes, because "save & reload" will ask server to resend a new .swf client\
<helen> gif is a bonus :)\
 I feel like avs shouldn't flow under the chat window...\
<helen> why not, paul?\
<helen> sometimes we like to hide\
 If I'm not mistaken there was a button to allow you to hide?\
<helen> or get close to the audience\
<helen> no, just drop\
<helen> we can hide the name\
 Ahh\
 Just my designer side cringes because it looks wrong :p\
<helen> going behind the chat?\
 Yeah\
<helen> nah, it looks cool!\
 Okay - Well we disagree on that :p\
[helen] \{)\}\
<yue> Hi paul, we tested the server deployment work on Sunday\
<helen> ok so let's focus on the agenda\
 So anyway - How far did we get on the deployment plan?\
<helen> #1 Confirm the UpStage instance demonization process.\
[helen] \{nice vi!\}\
[vicki] \{ made it all the way around - mostly hidden ;)\}\
<GAOXIN> eh.....Siatua let me tell you guys, she have an urgent thing to do tonight and she is not sure whether she can catch up with meeting, but she will attent this meeting as possible as she can. she want me to say sorry to us.\
<helen> ok thanks\
<yue> We updated deployment processes on server mannual\
<vicki> ok thnks Gaoxin\
<William> That's fine\
<helen> so how did the deployment go?\
<yue> team updated the mannual, and included dependencies installation bit\
<helen> great :)\
<vicki> xlnt!\
<yue> William and I tested the daemonization process on Sunday\
<yue> We made a new release on this stating this fixed issues\
<helen> yay!\
<vicki> cool\
<helen> v3.5?\
<yue> I think this is not a major fix.... I made 3.4.2\
<helen> ok\
<helen> so is that what we're in now?\
<yue> I think if we can fix video, we then will be 3.5??\\\
<helen> cool :)\
<yue> For the video research part, I found there are more things to look up. Don't think we can complete this in a year.\
<helen> in "a year" or in "this year"?\
<yue> we can make it working in "this year"\
<helen> 2015?\
<yue> possibly, if there is no other major issues..\
<helen> great!\
 So sorry um... Is there an email with the newest process in it?\
<William> Were not making any promises or anything but it is a possibility\
<yue> If I have spare time, I will look into it.\
<vicki> wahooo!\
<helen> great! :)\
<yue> email??\
<vicki> back flips\
<yue> github.com/AUTUpStageTeam/UpStage/wiki/Server-Manual\
<yue> www.github.com/AUTUpStageTeam/UpStage/wiki/Server-Manual\
 BUUUG!\
[vicki] \{ lying and drumming feet with excitement\}\
 (Can't click link)\
<helen> will you write another blog post about it?\
<yue> right click please :)\
<helen> would be great if you could do one that is specifically focused on installation\
<yue> probably will write a new post as it's been 2 weeks\
<helen> cool\
<vicki> wooo awesome right click works fantatsic team!\
<yue> the problem is about "http" part\
<yue> still not fixed\
<helen> ok\
<helen> we can live with this ...\
<yue> belive im making some progress.\
[helen] \{note about the developer blog: remember to tick the category "news" as well as "developer", to make it appear on the home page\}\
<yue> ahhh\
<vicki> heaps of progress team - fantastic ;)\
<helen> it's ok, i just did it for the last one\
<helen> it would be great if you could also flick an email to the dev list when you do the post\
<yue> Thanks Helen\
<helen> to alert us to it being there\
 Quick question\
<yue> added to the "to do list"...\
<yue> yes\
[helen] \{:)\}\
 Why do I need to be root to daemonize?\
<yue> the current v3 demonization process needs to access / partition\
 Why?\
<yue> the default path??\
 Shouldn't default path be CWD?\
 Also\
 There's no way I'm letting root run upstage\
<helen> not good security?\
<yue> Can you explain a bit more please?>\
 Unless you can give me a 100% garauntee that there's no vulnerabilities in UpStage (Which I highly doubt given its dependency on old versions of swfmill etc)\
[helen] \{i think no-one can ever give 100% anything ...\}\
<yue> ahh i see\
 So if I run upstage as root and somone or something exploits it.. Root access to the entire server\
 ALL OF THE NOPE!!  :)\
<helen> sounds risky\
[vicki] \{ hmmm yes\}\
<yue> Thanks for pointing out Paul.\
 No worries :)\
<yue> I will discuss this w/ team\
<helen> at what point has it become that UpStage is run as root?\
<helen> it's not like that in the first v3 is it?\
 It's likely that the process just needs to be tweaked to use canonical paths rather than absolute\
<yue> not entirely sure v3 delivery team applied this your idea Paul, I will note this down\
<helen> anne might have some advice about this too\
 We didn't have a build process under v3\
<yue> Should've tried to install UpStage w/ user access.\
<helen> ok\
 SO on the pulic server we have an 'upstage' user that can ONLY run upstage instances and only has access to /srv/upstage\
 (and anything under it)\
<yue> yep, I will make UpStage activities trackable too\
<yue> we can work on it.\
 So that in the event we get hacked - the most the attacker can do is destory the instances\
<helen> so does this mean that we aren't yet in a position to install v3.4.2 onto our 8083?\
 At this point, it would be irrresponsible\
<yue> probably not then...\
<vicki> oh \
<helen> vicki & i are giving a presentation at a conference on 14 july ...\
<helen> so it is starting to get urgent that we have something we can work with\
<vicki> we are usually so responsible!\
 Well then the team should work quickly :)\
<helen> hah - but how much time do yue, charlotte & gaoxin have left?\
[helen] \{i think not much ...\}\
<vicki> it certainly seems like heaps of progress \
<helen> yes indeed\
 I don't imagine it needing much work at all :)\
<helen> ok, that's encouraging :)\
<vicki> super!\
 If the process works then it just needs to be adjusted\
<yue> still got 2 more other assignments due soon.\
[helen] \{:(\}\
 Sure - But there's like... 6 of you right?\
<yue> Paul, what's the secure way of creating a stage???\
[helen] \{paul, there are 5\}\
 Sorry?\
[helen] \{yue, gaoxin & charlotte are finishing soon, & william & sia continue\}\
<yue> does UpStage require a dedicated partition for the stage instance files??\
 Then I suggest you hand this task over to William and Sia \
 As it will give them something solid to work on and they will become familiar with the process going forward\
 Yue: You tell me man :)\
 You're the dev :p\
 I would say that if it does... Mistakes have been made\
<helen> that sounds sensible, for william & sia to work on it\
 (In fact... I'd love to know how you even managed it :p)\
<yue> I didn't come across any security issue...\
<yue> In my point of view: \
<yue> I'd create a Debian user with only access to the UpStage instance partition.\
 Partition?\
<yue> or folders \
 You surely would only need a directory\
 so\
 Upstage has access to /srv/upstage/..\
 Nothing above it or adjacent to it\
 But full access below it\
<yue> hmmm makes sense..\
 and so\
 etc\
 fjdsal;kfjhdsa\
 Urgh... \
<helen> so does Upstage have its own partition on the aut server?\
<yue> I just checked aut stage 8081.\
<yue> upstage\
<yue> we didn't even install anything to /srv\
<helen> hmm\
<yue> I used the default path.\
 Oh I chose /srv because it makes sense to put service code in there\
 It should not matter where\
<yue> it should not matter\
 Traditionally it was \
<yue> in url we specfied the port number\
 here /usr/local/share/upstage\
 Except that's annoying to navigate to\
 Yeah so: /srv/upstage/8081 /srv/upstage/8082 etc\
 each instance directory *should* have everything the instance needs to run\
<yue> upstage-admin create should ask for used path for the instance...\
 Save for utilities like swfmill, ant etc being symlinked in /usr/bin\
 Yes\
<yue> I get you\
 The issue is that step 6 in the process (run daemon)\
 is: sudo python install.py\
 IE: # python install.py\
 it SHOULD be\
<yue> it generate the files into wrong places right?\
 $ python install.py\
 Basically\
 I should be able to run the command WITHOUT 'sudo'\
<yue> yes, if we run sudo python install.py, all the generated files will need root access..\
 Okay so\
 What is it about python install.py cc that requires sudo?\
<yue> should be fine w/o sudo\
 ...\
 So why does the process say otherwise?\
 As a general rule\
 Don't use 'sudo' unless you ABSOLUTELY have to\
<yue> Sorry I didn't think that much on the server...\
<yue> I will change them.\
 sudo is a bit like saying to the server 'I understand that I am potentially causing issues here'\
<helen> is that all that needs to be changed then - just to not use sudo for python install.py?\
 rm -rf / for example will say 'Permission denied' (Because that would destroy your system)\
<yue> a very good point against Windows OS....\
 sudo rm -rf / will destroy your system (But you've acknowledged you definitely want to do it)\
 Windows does this as of Vista with UAC\
 (Just most people find it annoying and turn it off... Then blame Windows when they mess up :P)\
<yue> Yeah, I will advise users to exit the root mode when dependencies installation completed\
 Better yet\
 Tell them 'You may need to be root' at the points you expect they will need to be\
 Convention says (When listing commands for someone to follow)\
 Use '#' to show a command definitely needs to be root (sudo)\
 '$' otherwise\
 And if you're not sure, use '$' and say 'May need to be root'\
<yue> cool\
<yue> never noticed the change of command prompt\
 Anywho\
 I need to refill my coffee\
<helen> ok\
<helen> so it seems the solution here is not too difficult?\
<yue> Well do you want us to deploy it again with normal account before we deploy on the public server??\
[vicki] \{ seems ! ha hopefully :)\}\
 Sorry if I sound like I'm berating you team :) I'm not, it's just that the main idea of your project is to learn :)\
<helen> paul, it's great that you're here\
<helen> because this is something that vicki & i aren't going to be able to pick up\
<helen> & i think it's very good learning for the students :)\
<vicki> it is a really useful discussion it seems to me\
<helen> yes\
<vicki> Yue William Gaoxin do you find it so?\
[helen] \{even i am learning something\}\
<GAOXIN> yes\
<helen> great\
<yue> i'm learning things..\
<vicki> i just had to lie down for awhile\
<helen> everybody's learning!\
<helen> except maybe paul ...\
<helen> but hopefully he's learning too\
<yue> we should test the deployment with normal account then get back to paul..\
<GAOXIN> he  broad my horizon\
<helen> yue: can you give us a time frame for this?\
<yue> this week??\
<helen> super!\
<vicki> oh superb!\
<yue> considering July 14 is not far away\
<helen> then maybe if paul has time at the weekend he can get it onto 8083 ...\
<helen> yes, we do have a bit of urgency now\
<helen> when do you 3 officially finish?\
<yue> around 2 weeks..\
<helen> eek\
<vicki> cripes\
<helen> so, the pressure is on!\
<GAOXIN> this is week 12, we will end week 14\
<vicki> running to implement those fixes ;)\
<helen> when paul is back with his coffee, he can tell us if he can install at the weekend\
<vicki> and william running aling with them eh ;)\
<vicki> *along*\
<vicki> UpStage = keeps you fit!\
<helen> who ever said computer work is sedentary??\
[vicki] \{ green arrows yue\}\
<helen> we have already just about covered everything else in the agenda\
<vicki> upstage keeps you running around!\
<yue> For the last bit before ending our meeting (my bus is 15mins away from arrival)\
<helen> yes, we must finish\
<vicki> yes\
<vicki> gaoxin go ahead\
<helen> please go ahead with what else you need to say\
<yue> Do you want us to send over our deliverables during our term???\
[vicki] \{ don't miss your bus!\}\
<yue> maybe the week after next week?\
<helen> yue - that would be great\
<GAOXIN> ty for everything, it is very funny in meeting chat\
<vicki> yes please\
<helen> i am on holiday 12-23 june, but will have email\
<helen> thank you for everything too, gaoxin\
<helen> please stay involved with the project if you can!\
<vicki> thanks you too Gaoxin\
<yue> cool, I will consolidate the information, and get back to you in 2 weeks.\
<helen> join the dev list\
<vicki> yay \
<yue> team will also have a new developer post\
<vicki> yes please we promise more fun meetings\
<helen> great\
[vicki] \{ :)\}\
<helen> is paul back yet?\
<helen> hmm\
<helen> coffee taking a while!\
<helen> isn't it a bit late for coffee in nz?\
<vicki> when will we meet again?\
<helen> he'll have trouble sleeping ...\
<vicki> perhaps the weds in yor last week?\
<helen> oh vicki - have you sent the feedback forms on to anne?\
<helen> form i mean\
<vicki> not the 10th but the 17th?\
<yue> this is the final week for classes\
<helen> or should i?\
<vicki> oh ok\
 Sorry - I'm back\
<GAOXIN> meeting with paul are also as classes\
[vicki] \{ @hen i can send are we finished i will check again in gDocs\}\
<helen> hi paul :)\
<GAOXIN> hi welcome to back\
 Coffee doesn't take time.. Good coffee does :)\
[helen] \{vi - can't access googledocs anymore - i emailed it to you, didn't you get it?\}\
<vicki> nope\
<helen> paul - yue said they will test the deployment again this week as normal user\
<helen> and let us know what happens\
<helen> if it's all good, will you be able to install on 8083 this weekend?\
 Cool :)\
<yue> hi paul, anything besides test the deployment???\
 Deployment is my main priority right now \
<yue> my bus is 10mins away.....\
 Yup - I can do that\
<helen> great, paul! :)\
<vicki> ok team don't miss your bus\
<helen> so main priority is for the team to redeploy asap\
<vicki> thanks for coming tonight\
<helen> email paul (& me & vi) how it goes\
<helen> & then paul deploy before the students finish\
<helen> in case there is anything else\
 Good plan\
<helen> exciting!! :)\
<vicki> super exciting\
<yue> we will do a quick test, and come back to you asap, paul\
<helen> a big thank you to yue, gaoxin & charlotte for all your work & great progress!!\
<vicki> flippin exciing!\
<helen> & good luck william & sia with continuing :)\
<yue> kk, got to bounce :) I shall send you all emails on team's progress\
<yue> see you\
 Yes - instance has been running like a champ through the meeting :D\
<helen> thanks yue!\
<vicki> yes heaps of hurrahs and thank Us\
<GAOXIN> see u \
<helen> yes, we've had no bugs\
<helen> mind you, we have hardly any voices ...\
<vicki> bye!! thanks\
 See you\
<helen> bye everyone!\
<helen> i will send log & notes\
<helen> thanks heaps paul!\
<GAOXIN> thx for any things, and bye-bye\
<helen> bye!\
}