Open Walkthrough Log

 email info@upstage.org.nz for a guest log-in.
 find your local time here:
 http://timeanddate.com/s/2pax
 (right-click the link)
 Hi Jude here ` abit early
<vi10> morena
<vi10> more rain uh!
<vi10> hello Jude
 hell
<vi10> welcome
 thanks
<vi10> do you want to grab an avatar and come on stage
 sure
<vicki> do you know how?
<vicki> see this /a 3
<vicki> ah you do 
<vicki> well done
<vicki> do you know how to change your name?
<green_throb> thanks i have worked a bit  in this
<vicki> oh? 
<vicki> cool
<vicki> me too
<vicki>  : :)
<green_throb> i am slow
<vicki> o
<vicki> connection?
<vicki> digits
<green_throb> typing 
<vicki> ah 
<vicki> np
<green_throb> so change name?
<vicki> i just got supppppper fast from a decade of UpStage
<vicki> so to change name
<green_throb> yes
<vicki> you type /nick then your new name
<vicki> the / indicates a code to make UpStage do something
<vicki> Jude sorry i feel i shuld know
<vicki> but were involved in makeshoft?
<vicki> or in helen's residencoies in UK
<green_throb> no, i was working on a project on bees last year
[vicki] { aaaaah }
<vicki> yes of course
<vicki> sorry 
<helen> hi :)
<green_throb> with marischka
<vicki> very important
<vicki> yes
<vicki> sorry
<green_throb> hello
<vicki> i have been so busy on things here
<helen> hi jude, hi vicki
<vicki> i had to delete some local information
<helen> oh?
<vicki> lost some data
<vicki> important things like
<vicki> jude and her bees project
<helen> ah
<vicki> apologie jude
<green_throb> that is fine --we were stuck
<helen> stuck?
<vicki> what happened?
<green_throb> we had stopped working on it
<vicki> because?
<helen> oh, artistically stuck?
<green_throb> yes
<vicki> ah
<vicki> at what point did you stick?
<helen> i guess that's a risk, working with honey
<green_throb> hahaha
<green_throb> We were both interested in sound
<helen> bees make good sounds
<green_throb> and had difficulty with theIMB
<vicki> IMB?
<green_throb> I megabyte of sound file
<helen> ah
<vicki> ah
<vicki> yes
<vicki> sound is data hungry
<helen> it can be over-ridden
<helen> in special cases
<helen> the reason for the limit is to
<vicki> but it is a good idea to try and keep things low
<helen> encourage people to reduce
<helen> be light
<vicki> yes
<helen> so that it's not a huge load
<green_throb> sure
<helen> for everyone
<vicki> otherwise for people coming to a show
<vicki> they might have to wait
<vicki> ages
<helen> but if you really need to have larger files, 
<vicki> for the stage to load
<helen> it can be arranged
<green_throb> ohh
<green_throb> so yeah that wd be good
<helen> i think marischka knows that
<helen> but maybe she doesn't ...
[helen] {note to self - is it in the manual?}
<green_throb> yes we did talk about it but didnt move forward
<vicki> a little bee for you
<helen> now we need a new feature
<vicki> oh it is stuck
<green_throb> can I take it
<vicki> well not yet
<helen> "transfer avatar drawing to another avatar"
<vicki> it is a new feature
<vicki> yes
<green_throb> ahhh
<vicki> but it cannot be transferred
<vicki> YET
<helen> being able to attach a drawing to an avatar
<green_throb> i see
<helen> is the new feature
<vicki> i just show you it
<green_throb> i did read that
<helen> previously the drawing would stay in one place
<helen> but now we can have it attached to an av
<vicki> if i draw it on an invivsble
<vicki> then i can gift it to you
<helen> so naturally now we want to do more ...
<vicki> by allowing you to have that avatar
<helen> oh that's a good idea vi
[vicki] { we cannot add features}
[vicki] { heheh}
[helen] {heck, i know}
<vicki> jude
<green_throb> yes
<helen> so we are expecting one more person
<vicki> we are in a transitional space
<helen> & i see there is someone in the audience
<vicki> between this 
<vicki> and then next
<vicki> we have to celebrate all we have
<helen> is it rosmarijn?
<green_throb> exciting
<vicki> and make sure we have all this
 yes, this is Rozemarijn from The Netherlands joining
<helen> hi!
<vicki> and all the other things as we move on
<helen> you need to log in
<vicki> oh hello
<helen> at the moment you are audience
<vicki> Rozemarijn
 I don't yet see where
<vicki> you need to go back
<helen> you need to go back to http://upstage.org.nz:8083/
<helen> and log in there
[vicki] { now the bee is like my parrot}
<helen> then come to this stage
<helen> ok?
<green_throb>  yes bee on yr shoulder
<helen> i think she got it
<helen> so jude, do you remember much from last year?
<helen> ah, rozemarijn is here :)
<helen> welcome
<vicki> ah hello
<deja> I loaded files and Mx and I played around with improving
<vicki> cool
<vicki> well seeing as Roze is new we can sort of go through things again
<helen> yes
<deja> ok
<vicki> and highlight the new features since you were last here jude?
 yes, I'm here! Great to be in.
<vicki> yay!!
<deja> soundsgood
<helen> so let's introduce jude & rozemarijn
<helen> today's two students :)
<deja> hello 
<helen> jude (the green heart)
<helen> has played in UpStage a bit last year
<deja> bows
[vicki] { throws flowerrs}
<helen> and rozemarijn is completely new to UpStage
<helen> she heard about it from gabriella
[vicki] { crowd goes wild}
 love the applause
<helen> one of our wonderful UpStagers
<vicki> si si
<helen> maker of "balloon" and other shows
<vicki> see see
<deja> yes isaw balloon
[helen] {bit more applause :)}
<helen> it's a great show
<vicki> roze would you like to join us on stage
 yes, please
<vicki> up here
<vicki> you will see
<vicki> the list of avatars
<helen> the list on the right
<vicki> once you have sleected one
<helen> is what we call the "wardrobe"
<vicki> it will appear in your mirror
<helen> it shows all the avatars that are available on this stage
 so I just click one?
<vicki> yes
<vicki> and then click on the stage
<vicki> yay
<vicki> well you have licked up
<vicki> picked
<vicki> up
<helen> hehe
<vicki> a stream avatas
<vicki> avatar
<vicki> so this is a video stream
<helen> have you clicked on one?
<vicki> yes
<helen> ah ok
<helen> there you are
<vicki> roze has helen stream
<helen> yes
<vicki> roze if you type 
<vicki> your test will be spoken here
<helen> maybe take a different one for starters
<henstream> yes, ok
<deja> if you scroll down there are more
<vicki> yes
<vicki> we can demo the strem av later
<helen> use the green arrows
<helen> on the right
<deja> there
<helen> ok here we go!
<red_throb> ok
<helen> that's a bit easier to understand then
<vicki> ah there you go great!
<red_throb> so henstream has left the stage now?
<vicki> she has been cleared
<helen> yes i cleared
[vicki] { we like to be tidy here in upstage}
<helen> to move around, point and click
<vicki> tpo go fast
<vicki> to jump
<vicki> click on the fast button
<helen> fast button over here
<vicki> then to go back to gliding
<helen> lets you jump
<vicki> you click on slow
<vicki> stop allows you to .. well stop
<vicki> where you like
<deja> you are levitating
<helen> true
<helen> there's no gravity in cyberspace
<deja> good to know
<red_throb> so henstream has left the stage now? the jumping is still a bit of a challenge..
<vicki> ok
<helen> yes, i cleared
<helen> just to be tidy
<helen> we can try jumping again?
<helen> click the green "fast" button
[helen] {it will go orange}
<helen> then click somewhere on the stage
<helen> your avatar will "jump" there
[vicki] { there you go!}
<helen> and click the same button
<helen> which is now orange
<helen> and says "slow"
<red_throb> wonderful, a whole new experience!
<helen> in order to go back
<helen> to the glide
<helen> did you notice before how i went in front and behind your av?
[vicki] { ooh oops brb}
<deja> yes
<red_throb> yes!
<helen> so this is done
<helen> with the green arrows
<helen> in your "mirror"
<helen> remember the mirror is the square by the wardrobe
<helen> that shows you which avatar you're holding
<helen> click up to come "forward"
<helen> and down to go back, or behind
<helen> sometimes you have to click a few times
<helen> before you see the change
<deja> cool
<helen> have you both got that?
<deja> yes
<red_throb> yes
<helen> great
<helen> it's a simple trick
<helen> but adds depth
<helen> by the way
<helen> are you both hearing the "stutter"?
<red_throb> yes
<deja> no
<helen> sorry - it's a bug
<helen> jude, where are you?
<deja> durham north carolina us
<helen> ok that's interesting
<helen> our server is in new zealand
<deja> yes
<helen> and people in new zealand or australia don't hear the stutter
<helen> but people in europe do
<red_throb> yes I hear it
<deja> not here
<helen> it repeats the first couple of words at the start of each sentence
<deja> not hearing that
<helen> it's interesting that in the usa you aren't hearing it either
<helen> we never used to have it
<deja> yes
<helen> it's a new bug in v3
<helen> but as our developers are also in nz
<helen> where they don't hear the stutter
<helen> it's incredibly difficult for them to try & fix it
<helen> as for them, there's no stutter
<deja> yes-
<deja> hmmm
<helen> but in europe, it's quite annoying!
<helen> it must be our ancient internet cables
<red_throb> so far it's rather quaint
<deja> i guess try and work it onto the piece
<helen> altho it never used to happen
<helen> haha yes
<helen> well as long as it is quaint
<helen> & not annoying
<helen> we will just have to live with it!
<helen> have we lost vicki?
<helen> she's gone very quiet ...
<deja> indeed
<helen> hmm
<helen> ok well we carry on
<vicki> sorry back
<red_throb> ok
<helen> ah vi
<vicki> i got a call
<vicki> sorry
<helen> we were just wondering if we lost you
<vicki> no i said brb
<helen> no probs
<helen> we were talking about the stutter
<vicki> yes
<helen> jude is not getting it, in the usa
<helen> interesting eh?
<vicki> while we rely on the vounteer developers 
<helen> rozemarijn & i are both getting it
<vicki> yes great
<helen> ok so to carry on with the tools
<vicki> it is an issue it seems for europe and uk'
<red_throb> yes
[helen] {but only since v3}
<vicki> but we have constraintys
<vicki> of only volunteers here in nz
<vicki> to try and sort
<deja> this is an amazing project
<helen> thank you :)
<vicki> yes
<vicki> thanks jude
<red_throb> yes, this will be great for children also
<vicki> it is
<helen> yes
<helen> vicki do you want to tell rozemarijn a bit about your work with schools?
<red_throb> where do I find the applause
[helen] {yellow audio button}
<vicki> it is under the auio button
<vicki> well i have used it with schools groups 
<vicki> since the very first iteration
<vicki> i had a group of students in nz
<vicki> and another woman 
<red_throb> is that me causing the music?
<vicki> karla ptacek
<vicki> had a group in uk
<vicki> we ran a project between them
<helen> no it was me
<vicki> the 2 groups
<vicki> called worldx
[helen] {this was in 2004}
<vicki> over 6 months the 2 groups
[helen] {when UpStage was just launched}
<vicki> worked through a learner management system
<vicki> in an syncronous way
<vicki> to work out 3 shows
<vicki> that they did
<vicki> first they perfromed for each 
<vicki> other
<vicki> as a way to introduce themselves and their 'environment
<vicki> a rural group on the west coast of the south island
<vicki> of nz
<vicki> and a group of immigrant
<vicki> children in the middle of london
<vicki> then they worked out a tale about the internet as a space for perfromance
<vicki> then they worked on a show
<vicki> about a world they wanted to see
<red_throb> wow, like an ideal world..
<vicki> so after  have used it for groups of students who have performed in the festivals
<vicki> yes
<vicki> worldx
<vicki> i have worked with schools in remote communities
<vicki> in nz
<helen> it's very easy for quite young children
<helen> to get the hang of it quickly
<vicki> and on an off shore island of nz
<helen> and do fun things
<red_throb> yes
<helen> it's easy to operate the avatars
<helen> to chat
<helen> to play sounds
<helen> to have different backdrops
<vicki> where support is needed
<helen> the kids can make their own avatars
<vicki> is in developing the avatars
<helen> and backdrops
<vicki> and the things to go on the stage
<vicki> props 
<vicki> backdrops
<vicki> audio etc
<deja> I find typing challenging
<vicki> and in how to create the show
<vicki> well
<vicki> a simple device there
<vicki> is once the show
<vicki> has been devised
<vicki> then the script
<vicki> can be copy and pasted
<helen> yes
<vicki> so the players
<helen> that speeds things up
<red_throb> yes
<vicki> can concentrate
<vicki> on movement
<deja> ahhhh
<vicki> and timing
<deja> great
<vicki> and the 'other elements'
<helen> if you're working with a written script it's great
<vicki> and like with a picec
<red_throb> so you put in the text beforehand
<vicki> piece of theatre
<helen> you can do this
<vicki> you can have the kids
<vicki> take different parts
<vicki> ge one might concentrate
<vicki> on scenography
<vicki> for example
<helen> one might be interested in sound
<vicki> or a group mightwork on sound
<vicki> in the creation
<helen> someone might be a great drawer
<vicki> and in the execution during the show
<helen> the tasks can be divided up
<vicki> a good device to start with
<deja> great that sounds good
<helen> according to what people are good at
<red_throb> great
<helen> or interested in
<vicki> is to recreate a fairytale or poem or local story
<red_throb> I notice one avatar changes posture
<vicki> these are anaimated
<helen> yes
<helen> some avatars are a static image
<vicki> they have different frame
<helen> others are a series of still images
<helen> and others are flash animations
<helen> type /a 0
<helen> and see what happens
<vicki> or they may be a series of sinlge frames
<vicki> avatars and backdrops can be animated
<helen> jude is throbbing!
<deja> i am moving now
<vicki> roze did you get a chance to have a look at the manual
<helen> rozemarijn, you can throb too!
<red_throb> wow
<vicki> there you go
<deja> cool
<helen> that red one is quite psychedelic
<deja> yes
<red_throb> yes
<helen> all the pixels move!
<helen> so these graphics are made beforehand
<helen> in graphics applications
<helen> and then uploaded to UpStage
<helen> a particular thing about how UpStage works
<vicki> this is where the work happens with kids
<helen> that's different from, say other social chat platforms
<helen> is that everyone can share avatars
<deja> are there apps that work best?
<helen> we can all take them from this wardrobe
<helen> if we are logged in & ave access to this stage
<vicki> you can use an graphics app
<vicki> you need to be able to clearcut
<helen> jude - if you have flash, then it's good to use that
[vicki] { eg remove the background}
<helen> as Upstage uses flash to deliver everything to the browser
<red_throb> can the children also make their own avatars?
<vicki> to save as png files
<helen> so it converts other formats to swf
<vicki> yes they can
<helen> rozemarijn - yes!
<vicki> BUT
<vicki> the thing to do
<vicki> is to work with them on what they are making
<vicki> to help them to do the work as much as possible before it comes into the stage
<helen> yes, there are a few things they need to know
<vicki> so once you have the clearcut files
<vicki> eg no background
<helen> jude, you made some graphics last year didn't you?
<deja> just uploade pics
<helen> ok
<vicki> yes you can do that
<vicki> if you wnt just static avs
<helen> this backdrop is a static image
<vicki> then you can upload png is best
<megafone> like this
<helen> that may have been just uploaded as a photo without any editing
<megafone> this one is static too
<megafone> as an avatar
<helen> these backdrops have been made in photoshop
<vicki> however
<helen> and in flash
<helen> and the animated ones
<vicki> there is quite a bit of info in the manual 
<helen> like this one
<vicki> about how to make them
<helen> are made in flash
<helen> the manual doesn't give full flash instructions
<vicki> they are made usually first 
<vicki> in the graphics av
<vicki> then the files
<vicki> to be sewn together
<vicki> taken into flash
<vicki> with the kids
<vicki> i was working with
<roze> how do I get back to the other menu? I'm now in the sounds menu
<vicki> click the act button
<helen> click "act"
[helen] {hehe}
<roze> yep
[helen] {we are a double act ...}
<deja> are there archives of performances by the kids
<vicki> there are
<vicki> wekl
<vicki> well
<vicki> kid of
<vicki> kind of
<helen> hehe
<vicki> they are in amongst
<vicki> the festival showreels
<vicki> just bits of the shows
<helen> we don't normally put entire show recordings onnline
<vicki> we do not as a rule 
<vicki> archive for public access
<vicki> the entire works 
<helen> as we prefer to keep the "live" prioritised
<vicki> of any group
<vicki> it is up to them
<helen> it's a live medium
<deja> worldx is a festival?
<vicki> world x
<vicki> was a project
<roze> is it live and not recorded?
<vicki> 'karla and i ran
<vicki> yes
<vicki> absoultelyt
<helen> everything is live
<vicki> definitely live
<vicki> live liev live
<helen> we make recordings, but only for documentation
<vicki> otherwise
<helen> it's all about being there or should i say here
<vicki> wouldn't you just make an animation?
<helen> and about interacting
<vicki> yes
<helen> the audience can talk
<roze> a/ 0
<helen> in the chat
<vicki> the audience
<helen> and they do!
<vicki> the audience
<vicki> come to see
<helen> our audiences are very lively
<deja> It helped me a great deal to see a show.
<vicki> the one and only show that happens at that time
<helen> they like the sounds of their own silent voices ...
<vicki> sometimes shows
<helen> yes jude
<vicki> use the audience 
<vicki> as art of the show
<helen> it is hard to imagine until you experience it isn't it
<vicki> part of the art
<roze> yes
<vicki> one of the student groups
<vicki> had a show 
<vicki> where audience acted as jury
<vicki> to solve a who dunnit
<deja> fun
<roze> oh great!
<vicki> a murder mystery
<vicki> yes
<helen> other shows have asked the audience questions
<helen> to determine the way the story goes
<vicki> right
<helen> and there have been a couple that had
<helen> clever interactive bits
<vicki> and there have been diniation
<helen> where the audience clicked on clues
<vicki> divination
<helen> or created their own drawing on the stage
<vicki> oh yes
<vicki> that was very sohpiscated flash
<vicki> avatars
<roze> indeed
<helen> we have showreels from the festivals
<helen> we held an annual festival
<roze> where do you get the voices from?
<helen> from 2007 to 2012
<vicki> festiavl
<helen> it is text2speech
<vicki> ha ha text to speech
<helen> haha yes
<helen> the text2speech software is actually called festival :)
<vicki> festival yes
<vicki> ha ha 
<helen> there is information about the festivals here:
<vicki> so roze do you understand backdrops
<helen> http://upstage.org.nz/blog/?page_id=1958
<vicki> and props
[helen] {right click to open the link}
<vicki> yes there is heaps of info on the upstage site
<vicki> and a link to vimeo channel with the showreels
<vicki> of the festivals
<helen> https://vimeo.com/channels/upstagefestivals
<deja> great
<vicki> i did not make a showreel of the last festival
<vicki> 121212 
<vicki> for many resons
<vicki> mostly time and lack of support ot do som
<vicki> from our arts council
<deja> $$$$
<helen> we don't have any
<vicki> basically i work other jobs to support this
<vicki> so some things drop off
<vicki> the to do list
<deja> sure
 I see
<helen> UpStage runs on love, not money
<deja> that is great
<vicki> yes kind of
<helen> well luckily we have a lot of love :)
<vicki> actually speaking of which
<helen> but things happen slowly
<vicki> i have to run
<vicki> because
<helen> to love?
<vicki> i can't eat love
<deja> thanks vivkie
<helen> hmm
<vicki> so my work day starts in ten minutes
<deja> vickie
<helen> ok vi
<vicki> i have another meeting
 thanks very much, this is a great introduction
<vicki> yes jude?
<vicki> great
<deja> thanks
<vicki> we ove to introduce people to upstage
<vicki> love
<helen> yes :)
<vicki> it is great
<vicki> we are so proud
[vicki] { heheh}
 yes, you should be, it is wonderful medium
<deja> I want to do a perforamnce here someday.
<helen> thanks :)
<vicki> cool
<vicki> yes jude
<helen> please do, jude
<vicki> please od
<vicki> do
<helen> what we are trying to do now
 what happened to my voice
<vicki> haha
<helen> is to encourage other people
<helen> to just make their own shows
<vicki> you are no longer holding an avatar
<vicki> you are speaking as audience
<vicki> you have dropped deja
<vicki> oh
<helen> you have a log in, consider yourself invited to make a show
 I right clicked on the link
<vicki> no that was roze
<helen> just let us know when
<helen> we can promote it on the web site
<vicki> click on the ava again
<deja> cool thanks
<helen> one thing to be aware of is, 
<helen> this is still the beta version of v3
<helen> and right now we are on our development server
<helen> the "8083" part of the url is the development server
<helen> soon we will have a slightly fixed version
<vicki> roze are you aware of how to get your avatar back on the stage?
<helen> & it will be on "8081" 
[vicki] { ah great}
[helen] {probably}
<roze> I think I'm back
<deja> is it ok to create stages here now
<vicki> yes
<vicki> great
<vicki> well
<helen> yes jude
<vicki> yes it is
<helen> you can
<helen> and upload media
<helen> and have shows
<vicki> but you will need to recreate
<helen> but keep all your media offline as well
<helen> yes
<vicki> once we move to 8081
<vicki> yes
<deja> yes
<helen> makes sense?
<deja> yes
<helen> roze, you have a guest login
<vicki> cool
<helen> which doesn't allow you to create your own stage
<helen> or upload media
<roze> no, not for me, it's a bit technical for me
<helen> but if you want to play more
<helen> oh ok
<vicki> oh
<helen> it's not too technical really
<vicki> roze it is really quite straight forward
<helen> but just let us know
<vicki> especially just to come and play
<helen> if you'd like a log in of your own
<roze> but i  can always ask Gabriella
<vicki> yes
<helen> yes
<deja> the manual is very good
<vicki> and with your students
<vicki> what i did 
<roze> yes, I'ld love a login
<vicki> is create an expert group in the class
<vicki> the more techie ones
<helen> great, i'll make you one
<vicki> and taught them
<vicki> and they took charge
<vicki> and taught the others
<helen> that's a great way to do it
<deja> do you ever have open play jams ?
<vicki> all classes have groups
<roze> I had a look at the manual, it looks very clear and easy to follow
<helen> jude - yes we do
<vicki> of different abilities
<deja> how can we find those
<helen> quite often the walkthroughs turn into jams
<helen> we don't have anything scheduled at the moment
<helen> but maybe it's a good thing to propose
<vicki> you are on the list eh?
<deja> ok ill keep my eys openyes
<deja> yes on the list
<helen> you can also propose it yourself
<vicki> cool
<roze> yes, I'll keep my eyes open
<deja> yes good ideas
<vicki> yeah
<helen> if you want to
<vicki> yeah organise a time that suits you
<helen> roze are you on the UpStage announcements list?
<vicki> and maybe a couple of others
<vicki> then advertise on the list
<roze> not yet
<deja> yes
<vicki> to see if others wish to join you
<helen> the link to join the list is on this page: http://upstage.org.nz/blog/?page_id=5
<vicki> there are oftne other keen to come along
[helen] {the contact page}
<roze> thank you
<helen> oh by the way vi
<vicki> coool
<helen> before you go
<vicki> oh yes
<helen> christina is going to think about a show over the summer
<vicki> it is 9 now
[helen] {european summer}
<vicki> great
<vicki> ok
<helen> and ben also is working on an idea
<vicki> ha ha 
<helen> so we have those and dan
<vicki> ben
<vicki> ha ha ha ha 
<helen> potentially coming up later in the year
<helen> & jude,
<vicki> right
<vicki> yay
<helen> we have other UpStagers who are often keen for a jam
<vicki> so busy and having fun
<helen> mem is one of our regulars
<vicki> so ladies
<deja> thanks and i will be in touch
<vicki> lovely to hang out
<helen> & there are others
<helen> ok vi
<vicki> g2g
<helen> have a good meeting!
<vicki> chow chow
<roze> thanks very much!
<vicki> cous cous
<helen> cous cous
<deja> bye
<helen> there's some UpStage jargon for you
<helen> we say "cous cous" 
<helen> for "kiss kiss"
<helen> as with some voices
<roze> bye bye from holland and cous cous
<helen> it sounds nice
<helen> cous cous
<helen> thanks for coming!
<roze> thanks for having me!
<helen> if you have any questions, just email :)
<roze> will do
<helen> oh
<helen> wait
<helen> what username would you like for your login?
<helen> roze, or rozemarijn?
[helen] {or something else?}
<roze> rozemarijn please
<helen> ok
<helen> i'll make it & email it to you shortly
<roze> thanks
<helen> you're welcome :)
<helen> & say hi to gabriella from me!
<roze> will do!
 hi
 h
<helen> hi is that harriet?
 hi helen
 yes, it is
<helen> hi
<helen> we are just getting set up
 okay, brilliant!
<helen> so just make yourself at home
<helen> soon more people will arrive
 haha thank you :)
<helen> if you want to browse the manual while you wait
<helen> you'll find it here:
[helen] {http://upstage.org.nz/blog/wp-content/uploads/upstagev3usermanualdraft.pdf}
<helen> right click on the link to open it in a new window
 thanks
<helen> hello audience person
<helen> who is it?
<helen> oh 2 in audience now
<helen> have you registered for a log-in?
<helen> oh dear
<helen> sounds like that record got stuck in a groove
 eo! how are you, hellen??
<helen> i'm good - who is that?
 I'm Enric, if you need to recognize me
 here my name is Peixe
<helen> ah, hola enric!
 Are we waiting for the rest of the people, I guess
<helen> you have a log in
 glad to be here
<helen> yes we are expecting quite a few people tonight
<helen> and quite a few are already here
 Can I hear my robotic voice?
<helen> yes
<helen> soon
 Ok, I wait
<helen> we have klaudia, harriet, enric, carles ...
 hi
<helen> hi everyone :)
 hello :)
<helen> vicki, who will be leading the session with me
<helen> is currently locked out of a building
<helen> at a university
 Yes, Hi everyone, good to meet you
<helen> & has to wait for someone to let her in
<helen> so she will join as soon as she can
 ok, no hurry
<helen> we are also expecting some of the students
 I'm comfortable
<helen> at this university, AUT
<helen> who are working on the UpStage software
<helen> some of them will also join the walkthrough
 Sorry for my ignorance, where are you?
<helen> is that sybil who just arrived?
<helen> me, i am in munich, germany
<helen> vicki is in auckland, new zealand
<helen> where are you?
 Sybil is in Durham, NC USA
 Iam in Barcelona!
 I am in Barcelona, Spain
 I am in Lancaster, Lancashire, England
 Barcelona, too
 Hey guys!
<helen> well, very international!
 hi!
<helen> and enric is in colombia i think
<helen> and we have james too
 Not, actualy I'm in Barcelona
<helen> ah ok enric is also in barcelona
<helen> so a big barcelona contingent today
 Yes!!!
<helen> where are you james?
 oh yeah! :-)
 I'm at AUT in our project lab
<helen> ah, one of our students :)
<helen> someone who has got into the building!
<helen> you know vicki is waiting outside somewhere
<helen> outside a locked door
<helen> hopefully she will get inside there soon
 hi helen--elaine here
<helen> hi elaine!
 oh we were wondering what was happening, we never heard back from her
 hi!!!
<helen> there are 3 in the audience -
<helen> do you want to log in before we get started?
 yes--tried but it isn't working
<helen> who is it who isn't working?
<helen> which log-in do you have?
 elaine
<helen> ah ok
<helen> strange
<helen> i tested it when i changed your password
<helen> did you use all lower case letters?
 yes
<helen> ok
<helen> i will change it again
<helen> but first
<helen> i'll give everyone something to do
<helen> to get started
<helen> the first thing we'll do is hold an avatar
 Great, I'm a bit confused
<helen> this is an avatar
<helen> a character that moves around & speaks
<helen> you can make your own
<helen> this one is made from photos of me
<helen> but it can be any graphic
<helen> an animation
<helen> a photo
<helen> an illustration
<helen> etcetera
<helen> the avatars available on this stage 
<helen> are up there
<helen> if you are logged in,
<helen> you will see a palette of tools
<helen> on the right is a column of icons
<helen> we call this the Wardrobe
<helen> you can think of avatars like costumes
<helen> if you click on an icon
<helen> it will show up in the square next to the wardrobe
<helen> which we call your Mirror
<helen> as it shows you the avatar you are holding
<helen> you can only hold one avatar at a time
<helen> but you can swap between them
<helen> if an avatar in the wardrobe is greyed out,
<helen> it means someone else is holding it
<helen> then you can't hold it
<helen> but if it's not greyed out
<helen> then any logged in players
<helen> can hold it
<helen> this is an important difference
<helen> between UpStage and other platforms
<helen> like second life
<helen> where you have your own avatar
<helen> and don't swap it with others
<helen> in UpStage, we share our avatars :)
<helen> so once you are holding an avatar
<helen> click on the stage
<helen> and your avatar will appear
<helen> click somewhere else to move
<vi10> And when we have selected an avatar, what do we have to do for bring it to the stage?
<helen> just click on the stage
<helen> where you want to appear
<vi10> great!
<helen> point and click to move
<vi10> Can I change my name?
<helen> yes
<helen> to change your name
<vi10> pleeeasee
<helen> you need to use a command
<vi10> ok
<helen> type /nick
<helen> then a space
<helen> then the name you want
<helen> the / tells UpStage that this is a command
<helen> not something to speak
<peixe> Great!
<helen> got it?
<zuzu> yeap
<peixe> yes, thanks!!
<helen> great
<Harriet> yes!!1
<Harriet> yaay
<helen> there are quite a few things you can do with commands
<helen> but we'll come back to those
<helen> elaine
<helen> i just changed your password to july
<helen> try logging in again
 OK
<helen> ok so we're moving around
<helen> the default movement is sliding
<helen> you can also jump
<helen> click on the green button
<peixe> we are in summer, let's swimm!
<helen> that says "fast"
<helen> haha
<helen> yes
<helen> when you click on it
 ohhhh I have finaly made it!!
<helen> it changes to say "slow"
<helen> and you will find now
<helen> when you point and click
<helen> your av jumps to the new place
<helen> so you can jump or slide
<helen> just click on "slow" to go back to the slide
<peixe> Sorry, how do we jump?
<peixe> jajaj
<helen> first click on the green button
<helen> that says "fast"
<peixe> ok
<helen> here
<helen> then point and click on the stage
<peixe> good!
<peixe> wonderful!
 hey hen and everyone just getting everyone sorted in AUT :)
<zuzu> bravo!
<helen> that must be vicki
<vi10> hey hen and everyone just getting everyone sorted in AUT :)
<vi10> yes it is /a 3
<helen> great
<vi10> hello
<helen> we have 10 people here
<vi10> kia ora 
<vi10> welcome
<vi10> yes
<helen> several of the students
<peixe> can we upload an image?
<helen> yes but not now
<peixe> for the av, I mean
<peixe> ok
<helen> yes
<helen> when you make your own show
<helen> you can make all of your own media
<dan> Where did everyone go?
 hi
<julius> someone clicked on clear i think
 finally, I am coming 
[vi10] {however that shouldn't happen}
<dan> Takuma
[vi10] {if someone clicks on clear, it shouldn't take of held avs}
[vi10] {there's a bug for your students to think about!}
<vi10> so now that vicki is here
<vi10> and since we are such a large group
[vi10] {oh my, i have vi's voice ...}
[vi10] {another bug!!!}
<vi10> we could go to 2 stages
<vi10> if it is too chaotic for people
<vi10> otherwise we can all carry on here in happy chaos :)
<10UpStage> it's ok for me
<peixe> For me that's not a problem
<megafone> and me xx
<vi10> ok
<vi10> if it becomes too difficult for someone to follow
<vi10> please say so
<vi10> we are a bigger group than usual
<megafone> Why am I megaphone when i type?
<green_throb> hi
<vi10> that is a good question
<megafone> But Harriet heart is my avatar
<vi10> there is a bug
<vi10> yes
<vi10> my avatar is helen
<vi10> but my voice has become vi10
<vi10> students, take note
<megafone> oh right! ok
<vi10> you are witnessing a bug!
<vicki> hello just looking at the bugs
<vicki> that are happening
<vi10> so for those of you who are new to UpStage
<vicki> a funny backdrop issue too
<vi10> please bear with us
<julius> Ta
<vi10> UpStage is open source software
<vicki> this is a really great start for the new group!
<vi10> developed and maintained by volunteers
<vi10> with minimal funding
<vicki> lots of new things to look at  :)
<vi10> in fact no funding at all at the moment
<julius>! A
<vi10> so, bugs are part of the environment
<vi10> so back to the learning
<peixe> sadly, that's usual
[vi10] {yes}
<vi10> so if you are making a show
<peixe> the lack of funds, I mean
<vi10> you can create all of your own avatars
<vi10> as well as other graphics, audio, etc for the show
<vi10> for example there are the backdrops
<vi10> down here
<vi10> if everyone clicks at once
<vi10> it will be a bit confusing
<vi10> so slowly try a backdrop
<vi10> some of them are animated
<vi10> like this one
<helen> Oh! now i'm julius
<vi10> whoever put this backdrop on
<vi10> ah there it goes
<zuzu> it was me
<vi10> the animation started
<helen> and now takuma
<vi10> the way to start the backdrop animation
 wow
<vi10> is to type /b 0
<vi10> that's another command
 wow
<vi10> these backdrops were made for a show
<vi10> called Balloon
<vi10> which used a lot of animation
<vi10> some shows do, other shows don't
<vi10> there is a lot of variety in how people use UpStage
<vi10> these things here
<vicki> there are a lot of bugs that are showing up that is not the latest
<vicki> code
<vicki>  says the studtents
<vi10> these are props
<vicki> students *
<vi10> yes this is not the latest version on 8083 yet
<vicki> paul is going to upgrade it for us soon
<vi10> paul is going to upgrade 8081
<vi10> and we test that
<helen> how can we upload personal avatars?
<vicki> so some of these things will disappear
<vi10> then we will upgrade this one
<vi10> when you want to make your own show
<vi10> and upload your own media
<peixe> This chaos is interesting
<vi10> we can give you your own log in
<vi10> which will give you permission to do that
<vi10> we won't show you how today
<vi10> because it's a bit too much to cover
<vi10> but we have a very good manual
<vi10> http://upstage.org.nz/blog/wp-content/uploads/upstagev3usermanualdraft.pdf
<peixe> How do avatars interact between them?
<vi10> and it is quite easy
<helen> thanks vi10
<helen> gfg
<peixe> thanks for the pdf
[vi10] {indeed the voices are all mixed up}
 its a show?
<vi10> peixe, what sort of interaction between avatars do you mean?
<peixe> That's very interesting, buts it's true that I'm a little confused
<helen> yes it can be confusing
<helen> we try to explain
<helen> what is confusing you?
<peixe> I mean, if you have thought in interactions apart from the text
<peixe> as doing things together
<peixe> create 
<helen> yes there can be visual interactions
<peixe> create images
<helen> yes
<peixe> ah, ok
<peixe> intersting
<helen> avatars don't have to be human like this one
<helen> for example the love hearts
<helen> were part of a show 
<helen> that was quite visual
<helen> these hearts animate
<helen> please, harriet, type /a 0
<megafone> ?a 0
<helen> slash
<helen> yes there you go
<megafone> yay
<helen> the green one will do it to
<peixe> that's good
<helen> so we had different kinds of hearts
<helen> that animated at different times
<vicki> stuck outside the house
<peixe> with these kind of things, I perceive the presence of the others
<helen> there have also been shows
<helen> that used flash programming
<helen> actionscript
<helen> to create interactive elements
<helen> that the audience could use
<helen> one show where the audience developed patterned drawings
<helen> each one individual
<helen> another one where they had to find clues
<helen> and got a different part of the story
<helen> depending on what clues they clicked on
<helen> so there are all kinds of possibilities
<helen> depending on what skills you have
<helen> and your imagination
<peixe> I see, that's great
<helen> we also have invisible avatars
<helen> which can be used quite effectively
<...> this is an invisible avatar
[...] {I can float around}
<...>! MYSTERIOUSLY
<...> unattached
[...] {thinking thoughts}
<...>! AND SO ON
[...] {making poetry}
<peixe> can I change the size of my av?
[...] {that moves}
<helen> not yet
<vicki > that is not yet available
<...> you can create larger and smaller versions
<...> and change between them
<vicki > but you can make an avatar that has different sizes
<vicki > and chose them as different frames
<peixe> I understand
<...> here's another trick
<...> see that pink button that says "name"?
<...> over here
<...> click on that
<...> it will hide your name on the stage
<peixe> done
<...> sometimes you might want to show it
<like this> but sometimes not
<lol> gii
<lol> lol
<@@@@@@> some of you are actually holding web cam avatars
<peixe> now I'm zuzu, not peixe!
<@@@@@@> these are the ones with the little music symbol
<stickman> its a rave up in here
<@@@@@@> at the beginning of the name
<@@@@@@> so unless a web cam is set up
<peixe> like lol
<@@@@@@> to send a stream to that avatar
<@@@@@@> it doesn't show anything
<@@@@@@> i can show you how that works
<@@@@@@> but first
<peixe> please
<takuma> who is moving my cat?
<@@@@@@> theres audio
<@@@@@@> and drawing
<@@@@@@> two more palettes of tools to discover!
<@@@@@@> some of you already did ...
<peixe> can you teach us how to draw?
<@@@@@@> sure
<@@@@@@> click on the blue "draw" button
<@@@@@@> but before everyone gets started
<peixe> done
<gaoxin> and?
<@@@@@@> something important to understand
<@@@@@@> there are 4 "layers"
<@@@@@@> for the drawing
<@@@@@@> these are shown in the drawing palette
<@@@@@@> by the boxes on the right
<peixe> I see them
<@@@@@@> you click on a red pencil icon to "hold" a particular layer
<@@@@@@> and draw in that layer
<@@@@@@> BUT
<@@@@@@> what is very important
<@@@@@@> is that you can "steal" a layer from someone else
<@@@@@@> so it can be confusing
<@@@@@@> when many people try to draw
<@@@@@@> at the same time
<@@@@@@> if a layer has a blue line around it
<@@@@@@> someone else is holding it
<green_throb> but is is fun too!
<@@@@@@> if it has a black line around it
<@@@@@@> you are holding it
<@@@@@@> the drawing tool works like a simple painting tool
<@@@@@@> you can adjust the colour, size and opacity
<vicki > it is a good feature to play around with fading colours and line thickness
<@@@@@@> of the line you make
<@@@@@@> so while some people are trying out drawing
<@@@@@@> others can try out the audio palette
<@@@@@@> click on the yellow "draw" button
<@@@@@@> and you will see the audio palette
<peixe> sorry, but I only draw stars
<@@@@@@> here is a list of audio files available on this stage
<@@@@@@> ok peixe
<peixe> that are funny but..
<@@@@@@> try drawing slower
<@@@@@@> when many people are drawing at once
<@@@@@@> it is hard for the server to keep up
<@@@@@@> normally in a show there are not 4 people drawing at the same time
<@@@@@@> often, one person will be a good drawer
<@@@@@@> and will take that role in a performance
<@@@@@@> while others might be a fast typer,
<@@@@@@> or a good audio mixer
<@@@@@@> and so on.
<peixe> ok, so the star brush is not normal?
<@@@@@@> so people take on roles that they like
<@@@@@@> no, the stars only show for you
<peixe> hahahaha
<@@@@@@> to show you where the brush is going
<peixe> thanks
<@@@@@@> try going very slowly
<@@@@@@> do you see that drawing moving around?
<portals> running faster than a car thanks to my portals
<@@@@@@> this is a new feature
<@@@@@@> where a drawing can be attached to an avatar
<@@@@@@> and then moved with the avatar
<@@@@@@> if you right click on your avatar
<@@@@@@> you will get a menu of options
<vicki > yes this is a great new feature no one can clear your drawing when it is on your own avatar
<@@@@@@> yes go ahead & experiment with that menu :)
<@@@@@@> nice handstand!
<@@@@@@> so yes the audio palette
<zuzu> thanks :)
<takuma> yey!
<@@@@@@> up to 3 tracks can be played and mixed at the same time
<@@@@@@> again, you can create and upload your own audio files
<@@@@@@> ah, vicki is showing us her web cam!
<@@@@@@> hey!
<@@@@@@>! HI STUDENTS!
<peixe> hi!
<@@@@@@> great to see you all
<@@@@@@> these are some of the wonderful students at AUT who are going to be working on UpStage
<vicki > yayayayayayay AUT team
<vicki > look they r so busy
<@@@@@@> they look like they're having fun!
<Harriet> Are we supposed to be able to see the webcam?
<@@@@@@> yes
<@@@@@@> don't you see it?
<Harriet> No
<vicki > can you not harriet?
<@@@@@@> it is down at the bottom of the screen
<Harriet> I can't see it
<@@@@@@> now it's moving up
<@@@@@@> a little
<@@@@@@> does anyone else not see it?
<portals> its not moving for us
<portals> its closer to the top of the screen
<@@@@@@> but you see it?
<@@@@@@> ok, it's not in the same place on my screen as it is in the screen on the webcam
<helen> another little imperfection!
<Harriet> I still can't see it at all
<Harriet> I don't know why
<helen> it is quite a challenge to make everything work the same in all browsers
<Harriet> Oh okay
<helen> harriet, try reloading the page
<Harriet> ok
<helen> you wil need to hold your avatar again
<helen> at this point, does anyone have any questions?
[helen] {did you take the cam off, vi?}
[helen] {i don't see the web cam any more either}
<peixe> yes, wich kind of hisories do the people show?
<helen> all kinds
<peixe> histories
<vicki > ooops i stopped the stream
<helen> you can have a look on the UpStage web site
<vicki > i am on my phone
<helen> there is documentation there from the festivals
<peixe> ok, I will do it
<vicki > for connection
[helen] {oh ok}
<vicki > harriet did you see it at all 
<green_throb> Nonor
<helen> you'll see a huge variety of different stories
<green_throb> When is the next festival?
<vicki > i can put it on again for you?
<helen> we don't have one scheduled at the moment
<helen> we had 6
<helen> from 2007 to 2012
 No I didn't
 I only just got reloaded
<helen> after that we were a bit exhausted
<vicki > ah ok i will put it on again here
[helen] {sorry harried, vicki stoped the stream}
 oh wow
 I can see
<helen> we have some plans for some performances during next year
 hi!
 hahaha
<helen> not a festival as such, rather a series
<helen> the festivals were quite intense events
<vicki > it is now not streaming for us here
<helen> and a lot of organisational work
 thank you
<helen> i can see it now
<helen> & hear it
<vicki > helen can you drop and pick up again
<takuma> helllo
<takuma> wh Yue = asdfasd
<helen> drop? i'm holding the invisible
<helen> someone else has the webcam av
<helen> the image seems frozen
<helen> if vicki is sending the stream from her phone that could make it freeze
 I can still see it moving
<helen> so, it is nearly the hour
<helen> we have covered a lot
<Yue> hello!
 But I can't get an avatar
<helen> there is still lots to cover
<helen> but we can't do it all at once ...
<green_throb> Thank you so much!
<helen> who can't hold an avatar?
 Thank you Helen
 Harriet
<helen> are you clicking on one that's greyed out?
<helen> try clicking on dan
<helen> he looks free
<helen> oh - unless you are no longer logged in
<helen> i see there are 2 in the audience now
 Oh yes maybe
<takuma> hell
<takuma> a
<helen> does anyone have questions?
 Yes I can see and hear you! from Harriet
<Harriet> I'm in again now
<helen> great
<Harriet> Hi
[Harriet] {)}
<Harriet> Hahahaha
<helen> i can hear the stream, but the image is frozen for me
<Harriet> yayy
<Harriet> cute
[Harriet] {)}
 yay 
<takuma> yo
 ~
<takuma> test test
<helen> well now you have a taste of UpStage
<helen> and the possibilities
<Yue> This is a test?
<helen> every show is different
<zuzu> =.=
<helen> people come up with such different ideas
<helen> about what to do in the environment
<helen> many shows incorporate the audience
<Yue> Check the font size
<helen> who can chat in the text
<helen> here
<Yue> test test
<vicki>!  I STOPED THE STREAM AGAIN JUST SO YOU KNOW
<Harriet> Can we log on again and create our own things?
<helen> ok
<helen> yes you can
<helen> if you want to do that,
<vicki> yes harriet
<helen> we will give you your own log in
<helen> so that you can upload media
<Harriet> Oh brilliant!
<helen> BUT
<Harriet> Thank you!
<helen> please please
<helen> look at the manual before you upload anything
<vicki> you will be best to read the manual first
<Harriet> Ok, I have just printed it
<helen> there are some important things about how to create your graphics
<vicki> and make your own stage and media
<helen> recommendations for file size and so on
<peixe> I'm very curious about the shows
<vicki> nice 'tash charlotte
<Harriet> Ok I will definitely read it
<helen> peixe there are showreels on vimeo
<helen> with excerpts from the shows
<vicki> there is a whole lot of info also on the blog
<helen> and we have a jam happening on 10th august
<helen> a performance, but unrehearsed
<peixe> now I really don't get how to interact with the others
<helen> in fact, i will be close to barcelona for it
<peixe> apart of the text
<helen> a place called calafou
<helen> somewhere about an hour outside barcelona
[helen] {i must put the info about the show on the web site}
<vicki> peixe how do you mean interact?
<zuzu> calafur?
<helen> so if you would ike to see something live
<helen> you are very welcome to watch the performance
<helen> it is a "transhackfeminist" jam
<peixe> yes?
<helen> sunday 10th august
<helen> in the evening
<helen> i don't know the time yet
<vicki> the interaction is in the movement in the space
<vicki> and in the use of story
<vicki> and drawing
<vicki> and audio
<peixe> yes, i understand
<vicki> and backdrops
<helen> and audience chat
<vicki> and importantly
<vicki> the exchange with audience
<vicki> yes helen through chat
<peixe> but it's a little hard to get used to feel the presences of you all
<zuzu> nice experience...
<peixe> i don't explain myself good
<peixe> hahahah
<vicki> sure
<vicki> understand
<zuzu> i will go on exploring the platform
<vicki> yes please do
<zuzu> later on
<vicki> have a look in the other stages
<helen> if you want your own log in, please ask
<helen> we change the passwords for the guest logins
 please may I have one?
<zuzu> too late here in Barcelona
<helen> so if you are using a guest log in then it won't work later
<helen> who is it who asked for one now?
<zuzu> and very tired...
<Harriet> Please could I have a log in
<helen> harriet ok yes i will make it & send to you
<helen> anyone else?
<zuzu> so thanks for your invitation..
<Harriet> Thank you very much!
<helen> you can also email us later to ask for one
 Thanks 
<peixe> I will do it
<helen> please also join the email list
<zuzu> have a nice upstage!!
 is getting late for me too
<zuzu> greetings
<peixe> thanks
<helen> there is an UpStage announcements email list
<Harriet> I can't believe I found out about this in one of the books for my thesis today and now I am interacting on UpStage with people from around the world
<Harriet> Amazing
<helen> it is amazing isn't it :)
<takuma> hello
<helen> you picked a good day to read the book!
 Bye cyberformers!
<Harriet> I did!
<helen> which book by the way?
<Harriet> It must be fate!
<takuma> hello
[helen] {bye whoever is saying bye}
<vicki> the students have found a way to try and make it all the way up to europe
<vicki> on their browsers!!
<vicki> takuma the cat
<Harriet> Multimedia Performance by Rosemary Klich and Edward Scheer
<vicki> is half way across the pacific
[helen] {here is link to join UpStage announcements list: https://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/upstage-announce}
 I'ts klaudia, bye bye, good night
<Harriet> in the Virtual Theatre chapter
<vicki> thanks Klaudia
<helen> bye klaudia!
 thanks
<takuma> I'm gonna travel north
<helen> thanks for coming :)
<vicki> bye bye
<Harriet> bye
<helen> ok i don't know that book
<vicki> bye takuma
<vicki> safe travels
<Yue> see you
<helen> i'll have to have a look!
<helen> bye takuma
<helen> did anyone else want a log in?
<peixe> hellen, thanks for the invitation
<Yue> seems everyone loves traveling.
<takuma> I'm coming back
<peixe> I WILL WRITE YOU
<gaoxin> do you need to take bus for travelling
<helen> you're welcome peixe/enric
<takuma> i'll be back
<peixe> THANK YOU A LOT
<helen> thanks for coming :)
<helen> de nada!
<zuzu> XD
<peixe> I'M NOW A BIT CONFUSED BUT THAT'S THE BEGINNING OF SOMETHING
<helen> haha
<helen> confusion is good!
<Harriet> Please could you email my log in?
<Harriet> Thank you very much
<Harriet> Bye Bye xxxx
<helen> yes i will harriet
[Harriet] {) }
<helen> bye!
<vicki> join the list :)
<vicki> bye bye
<vicki> thanks
<peixe> I TAKE THIS FRASE: CONFUSION IS GOOD
<peixe>! !!
<peixe> PHRASE
[helen] {:)}
<helen> yes!
<vicki> ha ha yes 
<helen> a very useful phrase
<vicki> it is a mix of pattern and chaos
<peixe> YES, THE PIECES ARE DISORDERED
<helen> so vi do we have a meeting with the web site team now?
<helen> i couldn't keep up with emails the last 2 days
<helen> i went to berlin to see the chills!
<vicki> no at 10
<vicki> ok
[helen] {teenage nostalgia trip}
<vicki> now till ten is the dev team
<peixe> OK, I GO. GOOD NIGHT!
<helen> ah ok
<vicki> good night
<vicki> thanks
<helen> buenas nochas!
<vicki> keep in touch
<peixe> SURE, BYE BYE
<helen> email if you want a log in
<peixe> BIG HUG FOR YOU ALL
<helen> hugs back :)
<peixe> HAHAH
<helen> is it just us & the students now?
<helen> looks like it
<helen> so that was a good big group!
<helen> some nice bugs on display too
<helen> hehe
<helen> are you talking amongst yourselves?
<helen> i will just make harriet's log in
<vicki> oh yes
<vicki> found some bugs
<takuma> my chat box is broken
<helen> really?
<helen> in what way?
<yue_again> you broke it xD
<takuma> I can only see one line at a time
<helen> hmm
<helen> strange
<yue_again> let me try
<vicki> the students are finding bugs left right and centre - they are major entomologists!
<helen> great!
<helen> i hope they are good at catching them too
<yue_again> d
<takuma> hello
<helen> but hopefully also they are bugs that are already fixed in the final version
<gaoxin> hi
<gaoxin> hi
<helen> hi
<yue_again> maybe?
<zuzu> hi
<gaoxin> heelo
<zuzu> hi
<zuzu> hi
<gaoxin> hi
<zuzu> hi
<zuzu> hi
<gaoxin> hi
<yue_again> break?
<helen> sure
<zuzu> cool
<helen> how long?
<zuzu> p
<yue_again> d
<helen> great moving drawings today
<vicki> hey hen
<vicki> we were just looking at some bugs
<helen> hey
<vicki> the backdrop
<helen> great
<vicki> low priority
<vicki> the animation
<helen> i didn't notice a backdrop bug
<vicki> also the unassign having to be a stage refresh to confirm makes sense to me we think it should be just noted but not as a high priority
<helen> ok
<vicki> eg you have to make a definite action (save and reload) to remove from the stage
<helen> is there a way to check if these things are already fixed?
<helen> in the latest code
<vicki> look in github
<helen> the voice mix-up is pretty serious
<helen> my avatar has your voice
<vicki> and yes the students have latest one on AUT they think
<helen> it changed about half way through the walkthrough
<helen> hopefully paul will get that onto 8081 soon
<vicki> you are holding that av?
<vicki> yes it will be useful to look at 
<helen> he seemed to be quite motivated
<helen> i'm holding myself
<helen> but i've got your voice
<helen> it changed in the middle of the walkthrough
<helen> and when i was thinking,
<helen> "helen" was showing in the chat
<helen> but when i talked
<helen> "vi10" showed, & your voice
<helen> then i changed the name to helen
<helen> & it changed, but it's still the other voice
<vicki> can you drop the av?
<helen> yes
<helen> dropped
<helen> ah
<helen> i have dropped it, but still speaking as it
<helen> i should be speaking as audience now
 yes
<helen> also it seemed that "clear" was removing all avs, not just unheld ones
 it is still showing as greyed out to me
<helen> not for me
<helen> i tried clear
<helen> i'm still me
<mems> now i'm dan
<mems> very quiet voice
<vicki> i have it now
<mems> but still wrong voice
<vicki> that clear one was weird
<mems> let's try it now
<vicki> it dropped everyone's
<mems> ok i just clicked it now
<mems> & we didn't get dropped
<henstream> so it worked properly then
<vicki> yes
<henstream> this is my voice
<vicki> it is working for me'
<vicki> i am on chrome
<vicki> what are you on
<henstream> this should be the voice of helen av
<henstream> safari
<henstream> i can't load UpStage in chrome any more
<vicki> there is the firefox issue that didn't work but couldn't be repeated
<henstream> don't know what's happened
<vicki> oh?
<henstream> but i can't enter any stages using chrome
<vicki> working fine for me
<henstream> haven't been able to for a couple of months
<vicki> that must be a local issue?
[henstream] {& i still can't ftp either}
<vicki> local to your machine?
<henstream> yes it must be
<henstream> no idea what tho
<vicki> oh :(
<henstream> maybe some add-on
<henstream> i could try removing them all but haven't had time to think about it
<charlotte> helen have you got the stutter?
<henstream>! NO
<henstream> i haven't heard it at all tonight
<henstream> hey
<henstream> when i talk, my name in the chat is henstream
<charlotte> what about the loop?
<henstream>! WHEN I SHOUT, IT'S YUE
<henstream> it's also showing Yue in the mirror
[henstream] {& when i think ...}
<henstream> it's Yue
<henstream> so this avatar is currently mixed up between Yue & henstream
<invisible> \help
<henstream> elaine couldn't log in
<henstream> strange as i reset her password & tested it
<henstream> i wonder if she's at a university
<henstream> but she was here in the audience, watching everything
<invisible>! HELLLO!
<henstream> so it can't have been a firewall issue
<megafone>! HELLO
<megafone>! HELLO
<megafone>! HELLO
<megafone>! HELLO
<megafone>! HELLO
<megafone>! HELLO
<megafone>! HELLO
<megafone>! HELLO
<megafone>! HELLO
<megafone>! HELLO
<megafone>! HELLO
<megafone>! HELLO
<megafone>! HELLO
<megafone>! HELLO
<megafone>! HELLO
<megafone>! HELLO
<megafone>! HELLO
<megafone>! HELLO
<megafone>! HELLO
<megafone>! HELLO
<megafone>! HELLO
<Harriet> hello
<invisible> some hello?
<viStream>! SHOUT
<invisible>! HIIII!!
<henstream> i'm just going away from the keyboard for a few minutes
<helen> are you still there?
<helen> i had to reload
<helen> & now i have my own voice back :)
<megafone> hello still here
<helen> ok
<helen> i'm getting pretty tired but will try to hang in for the meeting
<vicki> ok be there in a second
<vicki> just changing rooms
<helen> ok
<vi10> hey can we meet you on skype?
<vi10> helen
<green_throb> hi
<green_throb> world